Skip to content

  * [Home](https://pilzerlaw.com/)
  * [About Us](https://pilzerlaw.com/about-our-greenville-disability-attorneys/)
    * [Don Pilzer](https://pilzerlaw.com/greenville-disability-lawyer-don-pilzer/)
    * [Kevin Klein](https://pilzerlaw.com/greenville-disability-lawyer-kevin-klein/)
    * [What Makes Us Different?](https://pilzerlaw.com/about-our-greenville-disability-attorneys/what-makes-us-different/)
  * [Social Security DISABILITY BENEFITS](https://pilzerlaw.com/greenville-social-security-disability-attorneys/)
    * [Applying?](https://pilzerlaw.com/apply-for-social-security-disability-in-greenville/)
      * [5 Mistakes in Applying For Benefits](https://pilzerlaw.com/apply-for-social-security-disability-in-greenville/5-mistakes-in-applying-for-benefits/)
      * [Widow or Widower Benefits](https://pilzerlaw.com/apply-for-social-security-disability-in-greenville/widow-or-widower-benefits-for-social-security-disability-in-greenville-sc/)
    * [Denied?](https://pilzerlaw.com/greenville-social-security-disability-appeals/)
    * [Do I Qualify?](https://pilzerlaw.com/greenville-social-security-disability-qualifications/)
      * [Steps Social Security Uses to Determine Disability](https://pilzerlaw.com/how-does-social-security-determine-if-you-are-disabled/)
      * [How Long Does it Take to Get Disability Benefits?](https://pilzerlaw.com/apply-for-social-security-disability-in-greenville/how-long-does-it-take-to-get-disability/)
    * [Over 50?](https://pilzerlaw.com/disability-qualifications-when-over-50/)
  * [Testimonials](https://pilzerlaw.com/greenville-disability-attorney-testimonials/)
  * [Blog](https://pilzerlaw.com/blog/)
  * [Contact](https://pilzerlaw.com/contact-greenville-disability-law-firm/)
    * [Help in Spartanburg](https://pilzerlaw.com/spartanburg-disability-attorneys/)
    * [Help in Anderson](https://pilzerlaw.com/anderson-sc-disability-attorneys/)
    * [Help in Taylors](https://pilzerlaw.com/taylors-disability-attorneys/)
    * [Help in Seneca](https://pilzerlaw.com/seneca-disability-attorney/)
    * [Help in Mauldin](https://pilzerlaw.com/mauldin-disability-attorneys/)

[![Logo](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Logo](https://upq7h3oikfo13c8on1avrrjn-
wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/03/logo.png)![Logo](https://upq7h3oikfo13c8on1avrrjn-
wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/03/0_header_logo.png)](https://pilzerlaw.com/)

[ Call Today 864-235-0234 ](tel:18642350234)

  * [Home›](https://pilzerlaw.com/)
  * [About Us›](https://pilzerlaw.com/about-our-greenville-disability-attorneys/)
    * [Don Pilzer›](https://pilzerlaw.com/greenville-disability-lawyer-don-pilzer/)
    * [Kevin Klein›](https://pilzerlaw.com/greenville-disability-lawyer-kevin-klein/)
    * [What Makes Us Different?›](https://pilzerlaw.com/about-our-greenville-disability-attorneys/what-makes-us-different/)
  * [Social Security DISABILITY BENEFITS›](https://pilzerlaw.com/greenville-social-security-disability-attorneys/)
    * [Applying?›](https://pilzerlaw.com/apply-for-social-security-disability-in-greenville/)
      * [5 Mistakes in Applying For Benefits›](https://pilzerlaw.com/apply-for-social-security-disability-in-greenville/5-mistakes-in-applying-for-benefits/)
      * [Widow or Widower Benefits›](https://pilzerlaw.com/apply-for-social-security-disability-in-greenville/widow-or-widower-benefits-for-social-security-disability-in-greenville-sc/)
    * [Denied?›](https://pilzerlaw.com/greenville-social-security-disability-appeals/)
    * [Do I Qualify?›](https://pilzerlaw.com/greenville-social-security-disability-qualifications/)
      * [Steps Social Security Uses to Determine Disability›](https://pilzerlaw.com/how-does-social-security-determine-if-you-are-disabled/)
      * [How Long Does it Take to Get Disability Benefits?›](https://pilzerlaw.com/apply-for-social-security-disability-in-greenville/how-long-does-it-take-to-get-disability/)
    * [Over 50?›](https://pilzerlaw.com/disability-qualifications-when-over-50/)
  * [Testimonials›](https://pilzerlaw.com/greenville-disability-attorney-testimonials/)
  * [Blog›](https://pilzerlaw.com/blog/)
  * [Contact›](https://pilzerlaw.com/contact-greenville-disability-law-firm/)
    * [Help in Spartanburg›](https://pilzerlaw.com/spartanburg-disability-attorneys/)
    * [Help in Anderson›](https://pilzerlaw.com/anderson-sc-disability-attorneys/)
    * [Help in Taylors›](https://pilzerlaw.com/taylors-disability-attorneys/)
    * [Help in Seneca›](https://pilzerlaw.com/seneca-disability-attorney/)
    * [Help in Mauldin›](https://pilzerlaw.com/mauldin-disability-attorneys/)

[ ![South Carolina Man Needs Disability
Benefits](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![South
Carolina Man Needs Disability Benefits](https://upq7h3oikfo13c8on1avrrjn-
wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-
content/uploads/2017/07/ageImportant-500x337.jpg)](https://pilzerlaw.com/why-
age-is-so-important-in-deciding-whether-a-person-is-disabled/)

# [Why Age Is So Important In Deciding Whether A Person Is
Disabled](https://pilzerlaw.com/why-age-is-so-important-in-deciding-whether-a-
person-is-disabled/)

[Don Pilzer](/greenville-disability-lawyer-don-pilzer/)

April 7th, 2017

[Disability](https://pilzerlaw.com/category/disability/), [Social
Security](https://pilzerlaw.com/category/social-security/)

We are sometimes asked why a person's age is so important in determining
whether that person is disabled. The reason has to do with certain rules that
the agency uses to help judges be more consistent in their decision-making,
known as Medical —Vocational Rules, or grid rules. The underlying premise of
these rules is that a person has less occupational mobility as he ages.
Occupational mobility is a person's ability to change from one occupation to
another. For example, a truck driver, who cannot get a commercial drivers'
license, because he has insulin-dependent diabetes, may have to find a
different occupation. The younger that truck driver is, the easier it is for
him move from truck driving into a different occupation.

Grid rules come into play after the person claiming to be disabled has
established that he cannot do the work that he has performed during the past
15 years. With that, the agency has to identify occupations that the
individual might be able to perform, as an alternative to the work that has
been performed in the past (known as past relevant work).

Broadly speaking, the rules provide that a person who has always done light
work for the past fifteen years, but now would have to sit to work, is
disabled as of age 50 (unless he has skills that transfer into seated jobs).
That means, for example, that a person who has been a waiter, but cannot stand
and walk enough to continue to do so, does not have to reinvent himself as a
factory worker sitting and inspecting parts, or a telephone order taker.

The rules become even more liberal at age 55. At age 55, a person who has
always performed work at the medium exertional level, for example, a forklift
operator, is considered to be disabled if he is limited to light exertion.
This means that the forklift operator might have the exertional capacity to
work in a kitchen, or perform janitorial work, but is still considered to be
disabled. These rules explain why age is so important in determining
disability. When a claimant is under age 50, he has the very difficult task of
proving that he cannot sit and work.  

## Get in touch today for a free consultation.

Please leave this field empty.  
I have read the Disclaimer.

Δ

[Get Help Today!](/contact-greenville-disability-law-firm/)

#  Related Posts

[ ![Greenville, SC SSD Appeals
Council](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Greenville,
SC SSD Appeals Council](https://upq7h3oikfo13c8on1avrrjn-wpengine.netdna-
ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/appealsCouncil-500x337.jpg)
](https://pilzerlaw.com/appeals-council-review/)

[ Appeals Council Review](https://pilzerlaw.com/appeals-council-review/
"Appeals Council Review")

[ ![South Carolina Man Applies for Social Security
Disability](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![South
Carolina Man Applies for Social Security
Disability](https://upq7h3oikfo13c8on1avrrjn-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-
content/uploads/2017/08/whyItsNotAGoodIdea-blog-500x337-1.jpg)
](https://pilzerlaw.com/why-it-is-not-a-good-idea-to-have-a-job-while-
applying-for-disability/)

[ Why it is Not a Good Idea to Have a Job While Applying for
Disability](https://pilzerlaw.com/why-it-is-not-a-good-idea-to-have-a-job-
while-applying-for-disability/ "Why it is Not a Good Idea to Have a Job While
Applying for Disability")

[ ![South Carolina
Doctor](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![South
Carolina Doctor](https://upq7h3oikfo13c8on1avrrjn-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-
content/uploads/2017/07/pilzer-doctorLessWeight-500x337-2.jpg)
](https://pilzerlaw.com/social-security-administration-now-accords-less-
weight-to-opinions-from-treating-doctors/)

[ Social Security Administration Now Accords Less Weight To Opinions From
Treating Doctors](https://pilzerlaw.com/social-security-administration-now-
accords-less-weight-to-opinions-from-treating-doctors/ "Social Security
Administration Now Accords Less Weight To Opinions From Treating Doctors")

[ ![United States
Capitol](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![United
States Capitol](https://upq7h3oikfo13c8on1avrrjn-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-
content/uploads/2017/07/trumpBlogPost-500x337.jpg)
](https://pilzerlaw.com/president-trump-proposes-cuts-of-72-billion-dollars-
from-social-security-disability/)

[ President Trump Proposes Cuts of 72 Billion Dollars From Social Security
Disability](https://pilzerlaw.com/president-trump-proposes-cuts-of-72-billion-
dollars-from-social-security-disability/ "President Trump Proposes Cuts of 72
Billion Dollars From Social Security Disability")

### Leave a Reply [Cancel reply](/why-age-is-so-important-in-deciding-whether-
a-person-is-disabled/#respond)

You must be [logged in](https://pilzerlaw.com/wp-
login.php?redirect_to=https%3A%2F%2Fpilzerlaw.com%2Fwhy-age-is-so-important-
in-deciding-whether-a-person-is-disabled%2F) to post a comment.

## Post navigation

[Hearing Delays Likely to Worsen Under Proposed 2018 Federal
Budget](https://pilzerlaw.com/hearing-delays-likely-to-worsen-under-
proposed-2018-federal-budget/)

[How to Dress for Success at Your Disability
Hearing](https://pilzerlaw.com/how-to-dress-for-success-at-your-disability-
hearing/)

#### Talk to a Carolina Disability Attorney

[![Logo](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Logo](https://upq7h3oikfo13c8on1avrrjn-
wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/content-
logo.png)](https://pilzerlaw.com/)

NAME

DATE OF BIRTH (xx/xx/xx)

PHONE

EMAIL

COMMENTS

Δ

[![Logo](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Logo](https://upq7h3oikfo13c8on1avrrjn-
wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/footer-
logo.png)](https://pilzerlaw.com/)

  * [Disability Benefits »](https://pilzerlaw.com/greenville-social-security-disability-attorneys/)
  * [Qualifying »](https://pilzerlaw.com/greenville-social-security-disability-qualifications/)
  * [Applying »](https://pilzerlaw.com/apply-for-social-security-disability-in-greenville/)
  * [Appealing »](https://pilzerlaw.com/greenville-social-security-disability-appeals/)

### Office Located in Greenville, SC

#### Address:

509 West Butler Road  
Greenville, S.C. 29607

[GET DIRECTIONS »
](https://www.google.com/maps/dir//509+W+Butler+Rd,+Greenville,+SC+29607)

#### Phone:

Call Us Today!  
[864-235-0234](tel:18642350234)

[Call Now!](tel:864.938.7827)

#### Hours:

Monday - Friday  
8:30am – 5:00pm

  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/pg/pilzerklein/posts/)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/pilzerklein)
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kevin-klein-83b77258/)
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/user/LawOfficesDonPilzer)

Disclaimer: No representation is made that the quality of legal services to be
performed is greater than the legal services performed by other lawyers.

[Privacy Policy](https://pilzerlaw.com/privacy-policy/)

