Skip to content

[__](mailto:%69%6e%66%6f@%61n%61saff%72%6fn.%63om "Send Us an
Email")[__](https://www.facebook.com/AnaQayenSaffron "Find Us on
Facebook")[__](https://twitter.com/Ana_Royal_ "Follow Us on
Twitter")[__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHv1kKaiVoGKyshz6wGlqsw "View
our YouTube Channel")[__](https://www.instagram.com/iranian_saffron_anasaffron
"Follow Us on Instagram")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ana-saffron/
"Find Us on LinkedIn")

[Ana Qayen](https://anasaffron.com "Ana Qayen")

  * __ +33 7 50 04 29 23 | +98 912 748 72 50
  * [ __ Info.anasaffron.com ](mailto:info@anasaffron.com)
  * [ __ Iranian saffron price ](https://anasaffron.com/iranian-saffron-price-in-2021/)
  * [ __ Buy saffron online ](https://anasaffron.com/buy-saffron-online/)

[ Facebook-f __](https://www.facebook.com/anaqayensaffron) [ Twitter
__](https://twitter.com/ana_qayen) [ Instagram
__](https://www.instagram.com/iranian_saffron_anasaffron/) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHv1kKaiVoGKyshz6wGlqsw?) [ Linkedin
__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ana-saffron)

![](http://localhost/anaroyals/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/New-Logo.jpg)

â‚¬0.00 __ Cart

  * [Ana Qayen](https://anasaffron.com)
  * [About Saffron](https://anasaffron.com/category/about-saffron/)
    * [Everything about saffron seeds for planting](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-seeds-for-planting/)
    * [Buy Saffron In Dubai + Saffron Price in Dubai](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-in-dubai/)
    * [Where to buy Iranian pistachio?](https://anasaffron.com/the-iranian-pistachio-industry/)
    * [Saffron during pregnancy | Side effects and benefits](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-during-pregnancy/)
    * [Buy online saffron in Madrid + Where to buy?](https://anasaffron.com/buy-online-saffron-in-madrid/)
    * [Saffron in Cambodia | Saffron price in Cambodia](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-in-cambodia/)
    * [Everything about saffron in kuwait](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-in-kuwait/)
    * [Where to buy Iranian saffron in London](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-in-london/)
  * Shop
    * [Buy Saffron Online](https://anasaffron.com/buy-saffron-online/)
      * [Saffron gift boxes - 8 grams - Luxury gift](https://anasaffron.com/product/saffron-with-gift-box/)
    * [Buy Bottle of saffron](https://anasaffron.com/product-category/buy-bottle-of-saffron/)
  * [Buy Saffron Online](https://anasaffron.com/buy-saffron-online/)
  * [Saffron wholesale price](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-wholesale-price/)
  * [Iranian Saffron Price](https://anasaffron.com/iranian-saffron-price/)
  * [Be our agent](https://anasaffron.com/be-our-agent/)
  * [Our Company](https://anasaffron.com/iranian-saffron-company/)
  * [Contact us](https://anasaffron.com/contact-us/)

____ Menu

  * [Ana Qayen](https://anasaffron.com)
  * [About Saffron](https://anasaffron.com/category/about-saffron/)
    * [Everything about saffron seeds for planting](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-seeds-for-planting/)
    * [Buy Saffron In Dubai + Saffron Price in Dubai](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-in-dubai/)
    * [Where to buy Iranian pistachio?](https://anasaffron.com/the-iranian-pistachio-industry/)
    * [Saffron during pregnancy | Side effects and benefits](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-during-pregnancy/)
    * [Buy online saffron in Madrid + Where to buy?](https://anasaffron.com/buy-online-saffron-in-madrid/)
    * [Saffron in Cambodia | Saffron price in Cambodia](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-in-cambodia/)
    * [Everything about saffron in kuwait](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-in-kuwait/)
    * [Where to buy Iranian saffron in London](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-in-london/)
  * Shop
    * [Buy Saffron Online](https://anasaffron.com/buy-saffron-online/)
      * [Saffron gift boxes - 8 grams - Luxury gift](https://anasaffron.com/product/saffron-with-gift-box/)
    * [Buy Bottle of saffron](https://anasaffron.com/product-category/buy-bottle-of-saffron/)
  * [Buy Saffron Online](https://anasaffron.com/buy-saffron-online/)
  * [Saffron wholesale price](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-wholesale-price/)
  * [Iranian Saffron Price](https://anasaffron.com/iranian-saffron-price/)
  * [Be our agent](https://anasaffron.com/be-our-agent/)
  * [Our Company](https://anasaffron.com/iranian-saffron-company/)
  * [Contact us](https://anasaffron.com/contact-us/)

### Ana Royal Intl. Co. (Our company based in France)

# Saffron foods | Delecious foods using saffron

Posted on [November 29, 2020May 15, 2022](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-
foods/) by [Admin](https://anasaffron.com/author/root/)

In this article, we will review some of saffron foods.

## Saffron foods

If we want to list the foods, sweets and drinks in which the saffron is used,
it may not be possible. However, a short list of foods, sweets and drinks can
be brought. A handful of examples:

1-Use of saffron as a spice in chicken kebab (you may read the recipe
[here](http://anasaffron.com/saffron-chicken-kebab/))  
2- Using saffron as a colorant for meat dishes  
3- Using saffron as a coloring and flavoring in brewed rice (like [tah
chin](http://anasaffron.com/how-to-make-iranian-saffron-tah-chin/) and
[Iranian saffron rice](http://anasaffron.com/iranian-saffron-rice-recipe/))  
4- Using saffron as a coloring and decorating in sweets (like really delicious
[desserts](http://anasaffron.com/saffron-dessert-with-rice-milk-with/))  
5- Using saffron as a coloring and flavoring in syrups and beverages  
6- Using saffron petals as a natural food coloring  
7- Using petals to prepare jam (saffron jam)  
8- Using saffron as the most important seasoning of all jams

Imagine that there are dozens of examples for each of the above. For example,
the people of the southern region of the country of Iran prepare the fish with
only salt and vinegar, but when they want to serve a dear and honorable guest,
they add a little saffron to it, and just a few saffron stains, suddenly color
and gives a different effect to the taste and smell of food.

![saffron foods](http://anasaffron.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/11/saffronfood1-300x200.jpg)

## Saffron foods

Masghati of Shiraz, halva of Yazd, Sohan of Qom, Kermanshahi bread, Ranginak
of Khuzestan, date cake of Lorestan, Qutab of Kerman and many other sweets are
some of the most delicious sweets produced in different cities of Iran and
saffron has an effective role in their preparation. Most of these sweets have
gained fame beyond the borders of Iran.  
In addition to Iranian food, saffron is known and used as an important
condiment in some countries of the world. For example, the food of the people
of northern Italy, as well as the south of Switzerland, and the famous Spanish
food, which is one of the favorite dishes of "Federico Garlia Lorca", the late
and famous Spanish poet.

## About Ana Qayen

We are a supplier of **Iranian saffron** and we supply saffron from the best
fields of saffron in Iran. It should be mentioned that nearly 90 percent of
saffron of the world is produced in Iran. We have also an agency in Lyon,
France and you can also buy our saffron in Europe.

Apart from saffron, we also supply other products of Iran including pistachio,
rosebuds, Mazafati Date, and barberry. If you want to buy any type of product
from Iran, we can supply you. You may contact us via the [Contact us
page](https://anasaffron.com/contact-us/) or
[WhatsApp](http://wa.me/989127487250). Also, you may see our different saffron
packagings on our [Buy saffron online](https://anasaffron.com/product-
category/buy-saffron-online/) page.



![](https://anasaffron.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/Safran-2-2-300x300.webp)



When you want to buy saffron in bulk, you should be sure about the quality of
the saffron that you are buying. Our saffron has got a European certificate
from SAI CHIMIE lab which is one of the most famous labs in Europe.



![](https://anasaffron.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/01/Safran-19-1-219x300.webp)

Also, our saffron is packaged in different and luxurious packages. You can see
our different packing below. You can buy saffron in bulk with these packages
in our online shop. You can also find us on social media via
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/iranian_saffron_anasaffron/),
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/AnaQayenSaffron),
[Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ana-saffron),
[Pinterest](https://www.pinterest.com/Ana_Qayen), and
[Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHv1kKaiVoGKyshz6wGlqsw/videos). In
the following, you can see our different packaging of saffron.

![](https://anasaffron.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/01/Safran-13-1-300x202.webp)![](https://anasaffron.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/01/Safran-12-1-300x300.webp)![](https://anasaffron.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/01/Safran-11-1-300x296.webp) You may find these articles
useful.

[Buying saffron in Tunisia | Saffron price in
Tunisia](https://anasaffron.com/buying-saffron-in-tunisia/)

[Saffron in Iraq | Saffron price in Iraq in
2022](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-in-iraq/)

[Saffron bulk suppliers | saffron wholesale suppliers in
2022](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-bulk-suppliers/)

[The effect of saffron on heart](https://anasaffron.com/the-effect-of-saffron-
on-heart/)

[Growing saffron commercially](https://anasaffron.com/growing-saffron-
commercially/)

[Different types of saffron face masks](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-face-
mask/)

[The Iranian Pistachio Industry](https://anasaffron.com/the-iranian-pistachio-
industry/)

[Where to buy saffron powder near me | All over the
world](https://anasaffron.com/where-to-buy-saffron-powder/)

[Saffron buyer in Morocco | Saffron price in
Morocco](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-buyer-in-morocco/)

[The best saffron in the world | Tips for
diagnosis](https://anasaffron.com/the-best-saffron-in-the-world/)

Posted in [About Saffron](https://anasaffron.com/category/about-saffron/) Post
navigation

[The effect of saffron on heart](https://anasaffron.com/the-effect-of-saffron-
on-heart/)

[Growing saffron in pots](https://anasaffron.com/growing-saffron-in-pots/)

### Leave a Reply [Cancel reply](/saffron-foods/#respond)

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

**Captcha** *

![code](https://anasaffron.com/wp-content/plugins/captcha-code-
authentication/captcha_code_file.php?rand=256949325)

Type the text displayed above:

#### Search

#### Recent Posts

  * [Iranian saffron price | Persian saffron price](https://anasaffron.com/iranian-saffron-price/)
  * [Saffron in Cambodia | Saffron price in Cambodia](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-in-cambodia/)
  * [Where to buy Iranian saffron in London? | Price, Free ship](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-in-london/)
  * [Everything about saffron in kuwait | Prices, where to buy](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-in-kuwait/)
  * [Saffron during pregnancy | Side effects and benefits](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-during-pregnancy/)

#### Product categories

  * [Buy Bottle of saffron](https://anasaffron.com/product-category/buy-bottle-of-saffron/)
  * [Buy Saffron Online from Iran | Best place to buy](https://anasaffron.com/product-category/buy-saffron-online/)
  * [Pistachio](https://anasaffron.com/product-category/pistachio/)

#### Archives

  * [August 2022](https://anasaffron.com/2022/08/)
  * [July 2022](https://anasaffron.com/2022/07/)
  * [June 2022](https://anasaffron.com/2022/06/)
  * [May 2022](https://anasaffron.com/2022/05/)
  * [April 2022](https://anasaffron.com/2022/04/)
  * [March 2022](https://anasaffron.com/2022/03/)
  * [February 2022](https://anasaffron.com/2022/02/)
  * [January 2022](https://anasaffron.com/2022/01/)
  * [December 2021](https://anasaffron.com/2021/12/)
  * [November 2021](https://anasaffron.com/2021/11/)
  * [October 2021](https://anasaffron.com/2021/10/)
  * [September 2021](https://anasaffron.com/2021/09/)
  * [August 2021](https://anasaffron.com/2021/08/)
  * [July 2021](https://anasaffron.com/2021/07/)
  * [June 2021](https://anasaffron.com/2021/06/)
  * [May 2021](https://anasaffron.com/2021/05/)
  * [April 2021](https://anasaffron.com/2021/04/)
  * [December 2020](https://anasaffron.com/2020/12/)
  * [November 2020](https://anasaffron.com/2020/11/)
  * [October 2020](https://anasaffron.com/2020/10/)
  * [September 2020](https://anasaffron.com/2020/09/)
  * [August 2020](https://anasaffron.com/2020/08/)
  * [July 2020](https://anasaffron.com/2020/07/)
  * [June 2020](https://anasaffron.com/2020/06/)
  * [May 2020](https://anasaffron.com/2020/05/)
  * [April 2020](https://anasaffron.com/2020/04/)
  * [August 2019](https://anasaffron.com/2019/08/)

* #### Product categories

  * [Buy Bottle of saffron](https://anasaffron.com/product-category/buy-bottle-of-saffron/)
  * [Buy Saffron Online from Iran | Best place to buy](https://anasaffron.com/product-category/buy-saffron-online/)
  * [Pistachio](https://anasaffron.com/product-category/pistachio/)

* ## Latest posts

  * [Iranian saffron price | Persian saffron price](https://anasaffron.com/iranian-saffron-price/)
  * [Saffron in Cambodia | Saffron price in Cambodia](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-in-cambodia/)
  * [Where to buy Iranian saffron in London? | Price, Free ship](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-in-london/)
  * [Everything about saffron in kuwait | Prices, where to buy](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-in-kuwait/)
  * [Saffron during pregnancy | Side effects and benefits](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-during-pregnancy/)

* #### Pages

  * [About our company](https://anasaffron.com/iranian-saffron-company/)
  * [Ana Qayen](https://anasaffron.com/)
  * [Contact us](https://anasaffron.com/contact-us/)
  * [Cart](https://anasaffron.com/cart/)
  * [Checkout](https://anasaffron.com/checkout/)
  * [Iranian saffron wholesale price | Saffron in bulk price in 2022](https://anasaffron.com/saffron-wholesale-price/)
  * [Be our agent](https://anasaffron.com/be-our-agent/)

All rights reserved for Ana saffron Co.

[__](mailto:in%66o@%61nasaff%72o%6e.%63om "Send Us an
Email")[__](https://www.facebook.com/AnaQayenSaffron "Find Us on
Facebook")[__](https://twitter.com/Ana_Royal_ "Follow Us on
Twitter")[__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHv1kKaiVoGKyshz6wGlqsw "View
our YouTube Channel")[__](https://www.instagram.com/iranian_saffron_anasaffron
"Follow Us on Instagram")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ana-saffron/
"Find Us on LinkedIn")

X

