Skip to content

[Login](https://listings.1percentmilehigh.com/idx/userlogin) | [Sign
Up](https://listings.1percentmilehigh.com/idx/usersignup)

[ ](https://www.facebook.com/1percentlistsmilehigh/ "1 Percent Lists Mile High
on Facebook") [ ](https://www.instagram.com/1percentlistsmilehigh/ "1 Percent
Lists Mile High on Instagram")

[![1 Percent Lists Mile High](https://www.1percentmilehigh.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/01/LOGO-COLOR-XLRG®-MHI-
DIGITAL-141x59.png)](https://www.1percentmilehigh.com/)

Main Menu

  * [Search Real Estate](https://www.1percentmilehigh.com/search-real-estate/)Menu Toggle
    * [Aurora](https://listings.1percentmilehigh.com/i/aurora-homes)
    * [Denver](https://listings.1percentmilehigh.com/i/denver-homes)
    * [Highlands Ranch](https://listings.1percentmilehigh.com/i/highlands-ranch-homes)
    * [Littleton](https://listings.1percentmilehigh.com/i/littleton-homes)
  * [Market Reports](https://listings.1percentmilehigh.com/idx/market-reports)
  * [Sell Your Home](https://www.1percentmilehigh.com/sell-my-home-cheap/ "Save Thousands Listing Your Home")
  * [FAQ](https://www.1percentmilehigh.com/frequently-asked-questions/)
  * [Blog](https://www.1percentmilehigh.com/blog/)
  * [About](https://www.1percentmilehigh.com/about/)Menu Toggle
    * [Join the Team](https://www.1percentmilehigh.com/about/become-an-agent/ "Become a 1 Percent List Agent")
  * [Contact](https://www.1percentmilehigh.com/contact/)
  * [CALL TODAY](tel:17209514818)[CALL TODAY](tel:17209514818)

![](https://www.1percentlists.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/Red-Icon.png)

##### MEET THE 1 PERCENT LISTS MILE HIGH

### TEAM OF REALTORS

![Jane Pearson headshot](https://www.1percentmilehigh.com/wp-
content/uploads/bb-plugin/cache/Headshots010-Jane-Pearson-circle.jpg)

### JANE PEARSON

BROKER/OWNER

[(720) 951-4818](tel:17209514818)  
[JANE@1PERCENTLISTS.COM](mailto:jane@1percentlists.com)

[ __ ](https://www.facebook.com/jane.trahan.56)[ __
](https://www.instagram.com/janepearson_realestate/)

Jane has made Colorado’s Front Range her home for the past 25 years, and has
helped customers achieve their dreams as a licensed realtor since 2015.
Through her involvement in hundreds of real estate transactions she has gained
valuable contract, transaction and marketing skills that help deliver a
seamless experience to clients. Jane’s astute problem-solving and negotiation
skills equip her to come to her customer with solutions when unanticipated
problems present, resulting in a smooth and worry-free closing.

As evidenced by her many repeat customers, having Jane at your side gives you
the confidence that your interests are her highest priority. Jane’s areas of
expertise include residential, investment, and like kind exchange properties.
Her attention to detail over nine years as a transaction coordinator honed her
skills in getting contracts to the table right the first time, and positioned
her as the expert colleagues sought for technical counsel.

Jane is a perfectionist at everything she undertakes. In 2010, boasting a
perfect GPA, she earned a Bachelor’s degree in Psychology with a Minor in
Communication from Metropolitan State College of Denver. Jane and her husband
own a professional residential construction company serving the Front Range.
She draws much of her knowledge about building and construction from this
exposure that equips her with an extra edge that helps her represent her
clients.

Prior to moving to Jane’s forever home in her beloved Colorado, Jane hailed
from New Orleans, Louisiana where her family is deeply rooted. Here she
incorporated the concept of “lagniappe” into every aspect of her life.
Lagniappe means “a little something extra” and that is what you will
immediately notice when you choose Jane to represent your real estate
interests. She truly enjoys serving and helping others navigate their life
changes and achieve their dreams. She will go that extra mile for you. Jane
enjoys spending time with her family in Colorado’s beautiful and diverse back
yard. Whether hiking a remote trail, off-roading, glamping in state parks,
boating on area lakes or dipping in hot springs, she loves anything outdoors
and can’t get enough of Colorado’s endless days of sunshine.

![Jane's husband and co-owner of 1 Percent Lists Mile
High](https://www.1percentmilehigh.com/wp-content/uploads/bb-
plugin/cache/kyle-maybe-circle.png)

### Kyle Pearson

REALTOR®/LISTING SPECIALIST

[(303) 548-6552](tel:13035486552)  
[KP@1PERCENTLISTS.COM](mailto:kp@1percentlists.com)

A third generation Colorado native, Kyle grew up in the homebuilding and real
estate industries. His background gives you a clear edge when buying or
selling your home or investment property. A licensed real estate agent for 15
years and owner of Venture Enterprise, Denver’s thriving, quality construction
company since 2009, Kyle is positioned to identify potentially overlooked
dollars in the client’s pocket through his insights.

Kyle can suggest strategies that will bring top dollar for your home, and he
can visualize simple or even the most complex projects to your current or
target home that will give you the greatest return on investment. He is a
solid choice as your competitive advantage when looking to buy or sell.

Kyle has built homes from the ground up and has done extensive remodels and
additions. He attended the CU Denver Business School, is an avid hockey player
and sports fan, and makes the most of all seasons in Colorado’s outdoor
playground with his active family.

![](https://www.1percentlists.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/Red-Icon.png)

##### A NEW WAY  
OF SELLING HOMES

Right around this time Amazon, Netflix, and other huge companies were acting
as a hugely disruptive force in the areas of retail and entertainment. Their
business models are extremely similar despite filling different needs. They
seek to be very low cost, very low operative expenses, and high customer
satisfaction.

Other companies followed suit throughout all forms of commerce and
entertainment. It didn’t matter what service you needed or what product you
wanted to purchase people were fighting to sell it to you faster, cheaper, and
with a higher level of customer satisfaction. That is unless you needed real
estate services.

Realizing this the decision was made in late 2015 to offer a low-cost solution
to the general public and not make commission savings exclusive to only local
builders. After countless hours spent examining real estate brokerage models,
marketing and other costs, the idea was formed to list homes for only 1%.

Although there is no "set percentage", 1% is about 1/3rd of the traditional
listing fee. We knew we could offer a high level of customer service and
marketing for about 1/3rd of the typical Realtor listing fees as long as we
focused on those same principles as the other successful companies mentioned
earlier, but this time a [disruptive change in real
estate](https://www.1percentlists.com/sell-my-home-cheap/disruptive-
technology-saving-money-in-real-estate/). We had to increase our sales volume,
but more importantly, we had to retain a high level of customer satisfaction.

**With those goals in mind, 1 Percent Lists was formed.**

Quickly growing, 1 Percent Lists not only is now supporting home buyers and
[saving sellers thousands of dollars](https://www.1percentlists.com/sell-my-
home-cheap/) across the country. Follow the below links to see all of the
homes for sale in each respective community.

##### HAVE MORE QUESTIONS?

### Contact our team of real estate professionals today to start your savings!

[ CONTACT US ](/contact/)

##### WANT TO JOIN OUR TEAM?

### If your interested in joining the 1% Lists Team if real estate
professionals, let us know. We'll help get you started.

[ JOIN OUR TEAM ](/about/become-an-agent/)

## 1 Percent Lists Mile High

5994 South Holly Street #1038  
Greenwood Village, CO 80111  
O: [(720) 951-4818](tel:17209514818)

Each office is independently owned and operated.

All agents and brokers are licensed by the Colorado Division Of Real Estate.

1 Percent Lists Mile High is a [real estate franchise of 1 Percent
Lists](https://www.1percentlists.com/franchise/)

## Contact Us

Contact Us Footer

Name *

First

Last *

Last

Email *

Subject *

Message *

reCAPTCHA

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Submit

## Our Offices

Copyright © 2022 1 Percent Lists LLC ® | Powered by [One Click
SEO](https://oneclickseo.agency/)  
1 Percent Lists and its logos are registered, copyrighted and trademarked with
all rights reserved.

[Privacy Policy and Notices](/privacy)

