Koko's Guide to Austin Book - Updated for 2022!

[Order Now](https://amzn.to/3PKo9sc)

[ ![A taste of koko](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/themes/koko/assets/images/a-taste-of-koko.svg)
](https://www.atasteofkoko.com)

  * [Travel Guides](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/travel-guides)

    * [Austin](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/travel-guides/visit-austin)
    * [New Orleans](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/travel-guides/visit-new-orleans)
    * [Miami](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/travel-guides/visit-miami)
    * [View All
[

##### 21 Top Things To Do In Georgetown, Texas

](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/texas/things-to-do-in-georgetown-tx)[

##### 19 Best Restaurants in Georgetown TX

](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/texas/georgetown-tx-restaurants)[

##### 9 Best Pumpkin Patches In Austin

](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/visit-austin/things-to-do-in-austin/pumpkin-
patches-in-austin)

  * [Recipes](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/recipes)
    * [Cocktail Recipes](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/recipes/cocktail-recipes)
    * [Appetizers](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/recipes/appetizers)
    * [View All
[

##### Toasted S'more Martini Recipe

](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/cocktail-recipes/toasted-smore-martini-recipe)[

##### Official Kentucky Derby Cocktail Recipe

](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/recipes/kentucky-derby-cocktail)[

##### Pan Seared Salmon With Brown Butter Sauce Recipe

](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/recipes/pan-seared-salmon-recipe)

  * [STYLE + LIVING](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/style-and-living)
    * [Easy Home Entertaining](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/easy-home-entertaining)
    * [Blogging + Business](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/blogging-business)
    * [View All
[

##### My Ultimate Summer Bucket List

](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/style-and-living/summer-bucket-list)[

##### Ruggable Review: My 5 Favorite Ruggable Rugs

](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/koko-at-home/ruggable-review)[

##### Microblading Before and After - How It Changed My Life

](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/style-and-living/microblading-before-and-after)

  * [Calendar](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/austin-events-calendar)
    * [View Events](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/austin-events-calendar)
    * [Submit your events](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/submit-an-event)
  * [ABOUT](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/about-me)
    * [About A Taste of Koko](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/about-me)
    * [SHOP KOKO](https://shop.atasteofkoko.com/)
    * [FAQ'S](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/faqs)
    * [PRESS](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/press)
    * [PRIVACY POLICY](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/privacy-policy)
    * [CONTACT](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/p/contact-me)

  * [ __](https://www.facebook.com/atasteofkoko)
  * [ __](https://twitter.com/atasteofkoko)
  * [ __](http://pinterest.com/atasteofkoko)
  * [ __](https://www.instagram.com/atasteofkoko/)

__ Search for: __

  * [Travel Guides](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/travel-guides)
    * [Austin](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/travel-guides/visit-austin)
    * [New Orleans](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/travel-guides/visit-new-orleans)
    * [Miami](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/travel-guides/visit-miami)
    * [View All](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/travel-guides)
  * [Recipes](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/recipes)
    * [Cocktail Recipes](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/recipes/cocktail-recipes)
    * [Appetizers](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/recipes/appetizers)
    * [View All](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/recipes)
  * [STYLE + LIVING](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/style-and-living)
    * [Easy Home Entertaining](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/easy-home-entertaining)
    * [Blogging + Business](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/blogging-business)
    * [View All](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/style-and-living)
  * [Calendar](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/austin-events-calendar)
    * [View Events](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/austin-events-calendar)
    * [Submit your events](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/submit-an-event)
  * [ABOUT](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/about-me)
    * [About A Taste of Koko](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/about-me)
    * [SHOP KOKO](https://shop.atasteofkoko.com/)
    * [FAQ'S](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/faqs)
    * [PRESS](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/press)
    * [PRIVACY POLICY](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/privacy-policy)
    * [CONTACT](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/p/contact-me)

  * [ __](https://www.facebook.com/atasteofkoko)
  * [ __](https://twitter.com/atasteofkoko)
  * [ __](http://pinterest.com/atasteofkoko)
  * [ __](https://www.instagram.com/atasteofkoko/)

[Austin](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/travel-guides/visit-
austin)-[Best Restaurants In
Austin](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/travel-guides/visit-austin/best-
restaurants-in-austin)

# Italic, Austin's First Rustic Italian Restaurant Has Officially Opened

April 01, 2015

12 shares

  * [ Share](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.atasteofkoko.com%2Fvisit-austin%2Fitalic-restaurant&t=Italic%2C%20Austin%27s%20First%20Rustic%20Italian%20Restaurant%20Has%20Officially%20Opened "Share on Facebook")
  * [ Tweet](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Italic%2C%20Austin%27s%20First%20Rustic%20Italian%20Restaurant%20Has%20Officially%20Opened&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.atasteofkoko.com%2Fvisit-austin%2Fitalic-restaurant&via=atasteofkoko "Share on Twitter")
  * Pin



[![Italic Restaurant in Austin](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Italic-
Restaurant-12-750x500.jpg)](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Italic-Restaurant-12.jpg)

Highly anticipated rustic Italian restaurant, Italic, has officially opened
it's doors in downtown Austin at 6th and Colorado St. The menu features crispy
polenta, burrata with rustic Italian bread created exclusively for Italic by
Easy Tiger, spaghetti carbonara, bucatina all'amatriciana with pork belly,
prosciutto pizza crafted from the in-house stone-hearth pizza oven, Ora king
salmon, and Florence-style 1 ¾” certified angus t-bone steak.

Brought to you by the ELM Restaurant Group of 24 Diner, Easy Tiger Bake Shop &
Beer Garden, Arro, and soon Irene’s, a New American restaurant (opening
sometime later this year).

I've been _obsessed_ with Arro for quite some time now (the $25 3-course is
hard to beat), but I've now moved on to a new obsession, Italic!

**SEE ALSO:[Best Restaurants in Austin](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/tag/best-
restaurants-in-austin/) **

* * *



# Italic, Austin's First Rustic Italian Restaurant Has Officially Opened



[![Chef Andrew Curren](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/04/Chef-Andrew-
Curren-750x500.jpg)](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/04/Chef-Andrew-Curren.jpg)

Table of Contents

__

  * Inspired By Tuscany
  * Historic Starr Building Meets Rustic Italian Eatery
  * Pops Of Color + Neutral-Toned Rooms
  * Classic Italian Décor
  * 100% Italian Wine
  * Negroni On Tap
  * Happy Hour is 4:30PM - 6:30PM
  * Open Kitchen Features Stone-Hearth Pizza Oven
  * Crispy Polenta
  * Proscuitto Pizza
  * Spaghetti Carbonara
  * Bistec Fiorentina
  * Housemade Desserts
  * Chocolate Budino
  * Vanilla Beet Panna Cotta
  * Lunch Specials Include Pizza For Two For $30
  * Seasonal Menu

## Inspired By Tuscany

The seeds for Italic were first planted when **Chef Andrew Curren** of ELM
Restaurant Group spent his last college semester abroad in Tuscany.



[![Italic Restaurant 15](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Italic-
Restaurant-15-750x500.jpg)](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Italic-Restaurant-15.jpg)

## Historic Starr Building Meets Rustic Italian Eatery

Located at 123 W. Sixth Street in downtown Austin, the space designed by
**Veronica Koluniak** of VeroKolt is designed to merge the aesthetic of the
historic Starr Building (designed by mid-century marvel Florence Knoll) with
Chef Drew’s vision of a rustic Italian eatery where friends and family can
relax over simple, straightforward meals.



[![Italic Restaurant in Ausin](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Italic-
Restaurant-5-750x500.jpg)](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Italic-Restaurant-5.jpg)

## Pops Of Color + Neutral-Toned Rooms

Floor-to-ceiling aluminum-cased walls of windows and pops of bright yellow and
forest green bring brightness to the massive, neutral-toned room accentuated
by ash butcher-block tabletops, vintage furniture and custom architectural
elements made of limestone, mahogany, fir and plexiglass.



[![Italic Restaurant in Ausin](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Italic-
Restaurant-7-750x500.jpg)](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Italic-Restaurant-7.jpg)

## Classic Italian Décor

Leather-wrapped banquette backs and leather-clad seating pay homage to classic
Italian décor, while two massive collages commissioned by graphic designer
John Gall and filled with iconic Italian references invigorate the entrance
and private-dining room.



[![Italic Restaurant](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Italic-
Restaurant-8-750x500.jpg)](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Italic-Restaurant-8.jpg)

## 100% Italian Wine

Floating overhead and serving as both a focal point and mechanism to bifurcate
the spacious dining room, the wine mezzanine is the pride of ELM’s Beverage
Director, **Master Sommelier Craig Collins**.  As a result, Italic’s easy-to-
navigate, 100-percent Italian wine list is organized by varietal and region,
and Craig has sourced amazing producers for the wine program, including the
house red and white kegs.



[![Negroni](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Negroni-750x500.jpg)](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Negroni.jpg)

## Negroni On Tap

The bar menu includes a Negroni on tap, as well as Italian-influenced
cocktails, local and internationally renowned craft beers (served in teku
glassware) and classic Italian apéritifs and digestifs.



[![Italic Restaurant in Ausin](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Italic-
Restaurant-17-750x500.jpg)](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Italic-Restaurant-17.jpg)

## Happy Hour is 4:30PM - 6:30PM

Happy Hour aficionados will be pleased to learn that complimentary fresh-baked
focaccia sandwiched with meats and cheeses will accompany all bar beverages
ordered weekdays between 4:30 pm and 6:30 pm.



[![Italic Restaurant in Ausin](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Italic-
Restaurant-19-750x500.jpg)](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Italic-Restaurant-19.jpg)

## Open Kitchen Features Stone-Hearth Pizza Oven

The aluminum-and-glass-encased open kitchen holds a top-of-the-line, stone-
hearth pizza oven that will yield an array of pies, as well as a handful of
entrées such as roasted half chicken, Ora King salmon and Florence-style
T-bone steak.



[![Crispy Polenta](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Crispy-
Polenta-700x1050.jpg)](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Crispy-Polenta.jpg)

## Crispy Polenta

Stand-out contorni (sides) include crispy polenta with parmigiano, herbs, and
rustic potatoes.



[![Prosciutto Pizza](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Prosciutto-
Pizza-2-750x500.jpg)](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Prosciutto-Pizza-2.jpg)

## Proscuitto Pizza

salsa verde, eggs*, parmigiano, arugula



[![Spaghetti Carbonara](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Spaghetti-
Carbonara-700x1050.jpg)](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Spaghetti-Carbonara.jpg)

## Spaghetti Carbonara

guanciale, egg yolk*, pecorino, black pepper. I could eat this all day, every
day.



[![Bistec Fiorentina](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Bistec-
Fiorentina-750x500.jpg)](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Bistec-Fiorentina.jpg)

## Bistec Fiorentina

1 ¾” certified angus t-bone, capers, lemon, garlic, rosemary, olive oil.  
[![Pastry Chef Mary Catherine Curren](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/04/Pastry-Chef-Mary-Catherine-
Curren-750x500.jpg)](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/04/Pastry-Chef-Mary-Catherine-Curren.jpg)

## Housemade Desserts

Conclude your meal with one of **Pastry Chef Mary Catherine Curren** ’s
housemade dessert selections, including daily rotating selections of gelati
and sorbetti and a farm-to-table crostada! View the dessert menu
[here](http://italicaustin.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/Italic-Dessert-
Menu-2015-03-27.pdf).



[![Chocolate Budino](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Chocolate-
Budino-700x1050.jpg)](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Chocolate-Budino.jpg)

## Chocolate Budino

hazelnuts, olive oil, fennel seed hazelnut biscotti. Similar to the dark
chocolate pot de creme at Arro (my favorite dessert of all time).



[![Vanilla Beet Panna Cotta](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Vanilla-Beet-Panna-
Cotta-700x1050.jpg)](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Vanilla-Beet-Panna-Cotta.jpg)

## Vanilla Beet Panna Cotta

citrus salad, vanilla crumble, whipped cream



[![Italic Restaurant in Austin](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Italic-
Restaurant-11-700x1050.jpg)](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Italic-Restaurant-11.jpg)

## Lunch Specials Include Pizza For Two For $30

The quick lunch special includes a starter and pasta for $15 or two starters
and a pizza designed to share for $30.





## Seasonal Menu

The menu will be updated frequently to reflect seasonal produce. Leisurely
dinners are suggested at Italic with small coursed small plates more
reminiscent of what you might actually experience in Italy. If you opt for the
latter, start with antipasti such as burrata or baked ricotta served with
rustic Italian bread created exclusively for Italic by **Easy Tiger baker
David Norman** , then select a starter such as roasted cauliflower or the
shaved Brussels sprouts salad. Share a pizza (perhaps the Italian sausage with
black kale, goat cheese and roasted garlic) and then opt for a smaller-size
portion of pasta such as penne rigate alla Bolognese or bucatini all-
Amatriciana before settling on an entrée.



* * *

[![Italic Restaurant](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/04/Italic-
Restaurant-4-750x500.jpg)](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/04/Italic-Restaurant-4.jpg)

# Italic

123 West Sixth Street  
Austin, TX  
512.660.5390  
[Website](http://italicaustin.com/) |
[Facebook](http://www.facebook.com/italicatx) |
[Twitter](http://www.twitter.com/italicatx)

![](https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/38920af9af7eef0a7590a53586293793?s=150&d=mm&r=g)

WRITTEN BY: [Jane Ko](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/author/janeko "Posts by
Jane Ko")

Jane Ko is the Austin blogger behind A Taste of Koko, [Austin's top food and
travel blog](https://www.atasteofkoko.com) featuring the hottest restaurants
and weekend getaways. Jane has been a speaker at South by Southwest (SXSW),
Texas Conference for Women, BlogHer, and more on entrepreneurship and social
media. She lives in Austin Texas with her dog and cat.

## SHARE THIS POST

  * [ ![Facebook](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-content/themes/koko/assets/images/Facebook-Icon.svg) ](https://www.facebook.com/sharer.php?u=https://www.atasteofkoko.com/visit-austin/italic-restaurant) [ ![Twitter](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-content/themes/koko/assets/images/Twitter-Icon.svg) ](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?url=https://www.atasteofkoko.com/visit-austin/italic-restaurant&text=Italic, Austin’s First Rustic Italian Restaurant Has Officially Opened&via=atasteofkoko&related=atasteofkoko) [ ![Pinterest](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-content/themes/koko/assets/images/Pinterest-Icon.svg) ](http://pinterest.com/pin/create/button/?url=https://www.atasteofkoko.com/visit-austin/italic-restaurant&description=Italic, Austin’s First Rustic Italian Restaurant Has Officially Opened)

* * *

### You might also like

[Austin](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/travel-guides/visit-
austin)-[Things To Do In Austin](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/travel-
guides/visit-austin/things-to-do-in-austin)

##  [9 Best Pumpkin Patches In Austin](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/visit-
austin/things-to-do-in-austin/pumpkin-patches-in-austin "Permanent Link to 9
Best Pumpkin Patches In Austin")

[Austin Neighborhood Guide](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/travel-
guides/visit-austin/austin-neighborhood-guide)

##  [15 Best Coffee Shops In South
Austin](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/austin-neighborhood-guide/south-austin-
coffee-shops "Permanent Link to 15 Best Coffee Shops In South Austin")

[Austin](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/travel-guides/visit-austin)

##  [11 Best Catering Options in Austin
Texas](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/visit-austin/austin-catering "Permanent
Link to 11 Best Catering Options in Austin Texas")

##  Follow on instagram  
[@atasteofkoko](https://www.instagram.com/atasteofkoko/)

![](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/wp-content/themes/koko/assets/images/a-taste-
of-koko-logo.svg)

Austin’s top  
food & travel  
blog

  * [ __](https://www.facebook.com/atasteofkoko)
  * [ __](https://twitter.com/atasteofkoko)
  * [ __](http://pinterest.com/atasteofkoko)
  * [ __](https://www.instagram.com/atasteofkoko/)

  * [Travel Guides](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/travel-guides)
    * [Austin](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/travel-guides/visit-austin)
    * [New Orleans](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/travel-guides/visit-new-orleans)
    * [Miami](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/travel-guides/visit-miami)
    * [View All City Guides](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/travel-guides)
  * [Recipes](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/recipes)
    * [Cocktail Recipes](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/recipes/cocktail-recipes)
    * [Appetizers](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/recipes/appetizers)
  * [Style + Living](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/style-and-living)
    * [Blogging + Business](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/blogging-business)
    * [Easy Home Entertaining](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/category/easy-home-entertaining)
  * [About](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/about-me)
    * [About](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/about-me)
    * [FAQ'S](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/faqs)
    * [Press](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/press)
    * [Email A Taste of Koko](https://www.atasteofkoko.com/p/contact-me)

#####  © A TASTE OF KOKO

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=1712337108789889&ev=PageView

&noscript=1) 12 shares

  * [ 12](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.atasteofkoko.com%2Fvisit-austin%2Fitalic-restaurant&t=Italic%2C%20Austin%27s%20First%20Rustic%20Italian%20Restaurant%20Has%20Officially%20Opened "Share on Facebook")
  * [ ](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Italic%2C%20Austin%27s%20First%20Rustic%20Italian%20Restaurant%20Has%20Officially%20Opened&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.atasteofkoko.com%2Fvisit-austin%2Fitalic-restaurant&via=atasteofkoko "Share on Twitter")
  * 

