Skip to content

[Maryland House Detox![](https://mhdetox.com/app/uploads/2020/01/MHD-52px-
height-color-01.svg)](https://mhdetox.com)

Addiction Treatment in Linthicum

  * [Facility](https://mhdetox.com/about-us/ "Facility") Toggle Sub Menu
    * [Location](https://mhdetox.com/location/ "Location")
    * [Staff](https://mhdetox.com/staff/ "Staff")
  * [Services](https://mhdetox.com/our-services/ "Services") Toggle Sub Menu
    * [Medical Detox](https://mhdetox.com/our-services/medical-detox/ "Medical Detox")
    * [Verify Insurance](https://mhdetox.com/verify-insurance/ "Verify Insurance")
  * [Treatment](https://mhdetox.com/treatment/ "Treatment") Toggle Sub Menu
    * [12 Step Programs](https://mhdetox.com/12-step-programs/ "12 Step Programs")
    * [Outpatient Treatment](https://mhdetox.com/outpatient-programs/ "Outpatient Treatment")
    * [Inpatient Treatment](https://mhdetox.com/residential-programs/ "Inpatient Treatment")
    * [Addiction Therapy](https://mhdetox.com/addiction-therapy/ "Addiction Therapy")
    * [Alcohol Rehab](https://mhdetox.com/alcohol-rehab/ "Alcohol Rehab")
    * [Dual Diagnosis](https://mhdetox.com/dual-diagnosis/ "Dual Diagnosis")
    * [Drug Rehab](https://mhdetox.com/drug-rehab/ "Drug Rehab")
    * [Recreational Drug Use](https://mhdetox.com/recreational-use/ "Recreational Drug Use")
    * [Relapse Prevention](https://mhdetox.com/relapse-prevention/ "Relapse Prevention")
    * [Treatment in Maryland](https://mhdetox.com/maryland/ "Treatment in Maryland")
  * [Withdrawal & Detox](https://mhdetox.com/side-effects/ "Withdrawal & Detox") Toggle Sub Menu
    * [At-Home Detox](https://mhdetox.com/dangers-of-at-home-detox-guide/ "At-Home Detox")
    * [Detoxification](https://mhdetox.com/detox/ "Detoxification")
    * [Hospitalization](https://mhdetox.com/detox/hospitalization/ "Hospitalization")
    * [Medication](https://mhdetox.com/detox/medication/ "Medication")
    * [Alcohol](https://mhdetox.com/side-effects/alcohol/ "Alcohol")
    * [Barbiturates](https://mhdetox.com/side-effects/barbiturate/ "Barbiturates")
    * [Benzodiazepines](https://mhdetox.com/side-effects/benzodiazepine/ "Benzodiazepines")
    * [Opioids](https://mhdetox.com/side-effects/opioid/ "Opioids")
    * [Stimulants](https://mhdetox.com/side-effects/stimulant/ "Stimulants")
  * [Substance Abuse](https://mhdetox.com/addiction/ "Substance Abuse") Toggle Sub Menu
    * [Alcohol](https://mhdetox.com/alcohol/ "Alcohol")
    * [Barbiturates](https://mhdetox.com/barbiturates/ "Barbiturates")
    * [Benzodiazepines](https://mhdetox.com/benzodiazepines/ "Benzodiazepines")
    * [Inhalants](https://mhdetox.com/inhalants/ "Inhalants")
    * [Marijuana](https://mhdetox.com/marijuana/ "Marijuana")
    * [Opioids](https://mhdetox.com/opioids/ "Opioids")
    * [Sedatives](https://mhdetox.com/sedatives/ "Sedatives")
    * [Stimulants](https://mhdetox.com/stimulants/ "Stimulants")
  * [Contact](https://mhdetox.com/contact-us/ "Contact") 
[ __**Get Help Now** (888) 263-0631 ](tel:+18882630631 "Click to Get Help
Now!")

MenuToggle Search

Get started by searching below: Search for: Search

**[(888) 263-0631](tel:+18882630631 "\(888\) 263-0631")** Online Chat Now

# Drug and Alcohol Detox

  * [**Find Rehab**](/location/ "Find Rehab")
  * [**Get Help Now (888) 263-0631**](tel:+18882630631 "Get Help Now \(888\) 263-0631")

**What's on this page?**

  * What is it?
  * Why do I Need it?
  * Why Should I Detox?
  * How Does it Work?
  * What Happens After?
  * Why Take the First Steps?

When you become chemically dependent on a psychoactive drug, your brain has
adapted to the drug by altering your natural neurochemistry. That means your
central nervous system may be producing more or less of your own brain
chemicals in an attempt to counteract the drug in your system and achieve
balanced brain chemistry.

If you stop using your drug of choice, your brain chemistry will become
unbalanced, like someone jumping off a seesaw. This chemical imbalance is
called withdrawal. Your brain and body are missing the chemical they’ve gotten
used to.

Detox can cause a variety of symptoms depending on the psychoactive drug you
are dependent on. Most, however, will cause powerful withdrawal symptoms that
compel you to use again.

For the most part, drug withdrawal symptoms are extremely uncomfortable but
not life-threatening. However, some drugs can cause severe symptoms that can
be medically dangerous and even deadly without treatment, particularly drugs
in the central nervous system depressant category.

Whether a drug causes uncomfortable or deadly withdrawal symptoms, it may be
difficult to get through on your own without relapsing. That’s where medical
detox comes in. Detox services are designed to help get you through the
withdrawal phase safely and as comfortable as possible.

Learn more about medical detox services and how they can help you achieve
sobriety.

## What Is Detox?

Detoxification, or detox, as it is commonly shortened to, has two meanings.
The first is the textbook definition: the act of clearing the body of
addictive, toxic, and harmful substances, like drugs and alcohol, to stop the
physical and psychological damage that extended substance abuse causes.

The other meaning of detox refers to the process itself as it’s carried out by
medical detox facilities and other treatment centers. It is a form of
addiction treatment that provides medical support, resources, and
interventions to help manage acute intoxication and the withdrawal symptoms
that follow the stoppage of drug or alcohol use.

The purpose of alcohol and drug detox is to both ensure these substances are
completely removed from someone’s system and that they manage to make it
through withdrawal safely and with the least amount of discomfort possible.

Medical detox is administered by doctors and health care professionals who are
experienced and well-trained in the field of addiction.

While undergoing detox is overall not a pleasant experience, it is still the
necessary first step to essentially all forms of recovery from substance use
disorders. In fact, many addiction recovery treatment programs begin with
medical detox anyway.

Someone cannot expect to get sober and start their recovery while they still
have drugs or alcohol in their systems. They also cannot effectively start the
recovery process while dealing with the withdrawal symptoms caused by stopping
drug or alcohol use, which can be uncomfortable and distracting at best and
potentially life-threatening at worst.

## Why Do I Need to Detox?

The above two reasons highlight why detox has to happen before someone can
begin an addiction recovery treatment program, some people might be under the
mistaken impression that detox is unnecessary, or that they can just stop
using alcohol or drugs all at once on their own without any serious
consequences.

This is not the case, though, as the long-term effects of chronic substance
use make it challenging for someone to stop using on their own since their
body and brain have become dependent. It also means that if and when they do
stop using, there are going to be inescapable physical and mental effects.

Depending on the severity of someone’s dependence, the substance they were
abusing, and how long they were abusing it for, exact withdrawal symptoms will
vary from person to person. Some common mild withdrawal symptoms that almost
anyone stopping the use of drugs or alcohol and can expect to experience
include:

  * Nausea
  * Vomiting
  * Confusion
  * Mood swings
  * Irritability
  * Anxiety
  * Depression
  * Fatigue
  * Muscle aches and pains
  * Fever, chills, and other flu-like symptoms
  * Insomnia

However, other symptoms, while still very common, are much more severe and
hard to manage, including:

  * Hallucinations
  * Delirium
  * Psychosis
  * Irregular heartbeat
  * Suicidal thoughts or behaviors
  * Seizures
  * Panic attacks
  * Disassociation

**[Get Immediate Treatment Help.](tel:+18882630631 "\(888\) 263-0631")**

[(888) 263-0631](tel:+18882630631 "\(888\) 263-0631")

I would prefer to chat online

These symptoms can be much more unpredictable and difficult to manage. If
someone attempts to quit using drugs or alcohol that they have become addicted
to “cold turkey” rather than go through medical detox, they are extremely
likely to experience symptoms like suicidal thoughts and seizures due to the
immense shock to the system quitting all at once triggers.

The body and brain are suddenly deprived of something they have become
dependent on and now are struggling to function without it.

While some substances will have milder withdrawals, others are known to have
withdrawal periods so intense and possibly dangerous that they should always
be stopped via a carefully planned detox, including:

  * Alcohol
  * Benzodiazepines like Xanax and Valium
  * Opioids, either illicit like heroin or prescription like OxyContin
  * Methamphetamines
  * Certain non-benzo sedatives such as Lunesta or Ambien

## Why Should I Detox at a Rehab Center?

Attempting to detox on your own creates a lot of unnecessary risks. Do so also
means leaving yourself open to the consequences of some of the symptoms
outlined above, such as seizures or [delirium
tremens](https://medlineplus.gov/ency/article/000766.htm).

It also is much less likely to be successful, as many people find the symptoms
of withdrawal associated with drug and alcohol detox too much to handle and
will often relapse mid-detox. This also raises the risk of accidentally
overdosing, which frequently occurs when someone relapses and takes a much
larger dose of a substance than they usually would to try and get relief from
extreme withdrawal symptoms.

Choosing medical detoxification at a professional rehab or detox center
removes these potential problems by having a dedicated staff available to
administer medications that can help ease the symptoms of withdrawal and make
them more manageable. Through medical maintenance therapy, the withdrawal
process can be made much more achievable, with the minimum amount of pain or
discomfort.

If someone chooses an inpatient medical detox specifically, it also eliminates
the possibility of a mid-detox relapse, as they will be removed from their
environment and placed under 24-7 monitoring.

Undergoing medical detox at a professional treatment center also means that a
doctor can start a tapering schedule to slowly wean people off the substance
they have become dependent on. Instead of trying to quit cold turkey and
enduring the stress this puts on the body, tapering instead carefully lowers
the dosage over time until it is safe to stop using drugs or alcohol without
the danger of triggering a seizure or other medical complications.

![](https://mhdetox.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/12/smartrecovery-2-1-300x188.jpg)

While it is understandable to feel frustrated by tapering’s lengthier detox
process, it is the safest and most effective way to do a drug and alcohol
detox. Some opt instead for a method known as “rapid detox.” This involves
being placed under general anesthetic and given medications intravenously to
speed up the detox process from days or weeks to as little as four to six
hours.

However, rapid detox is expensive, typically not covered by insurance, and
often risky. Numerous studies have questioned the actual effectiveness of
rapid detox and
[documented](https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/mm6238a1.htm) heart
attacks, seizures, and other severe complications, many of which have been
fatal.

Traditional medical detox may take longer, but it is the best way to ensure a
safe, successful detoxification without any unnecessary discomfort that leaves
people ready to continue on to the next phase of treatment.

## How Does Medical Detox Work?

Medical detoxification is defined as a [three-step
process](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK64119/) that can be broken down
as follows:

### Evaluation

This step involves screening and information-gathering by the detox center’s
medical team. During the evaluation process, doctors will:

  * Conduct blood tests to measure drug levels to determine necessary medications
  * Screen for either physical or mental co-occurring disorders
  * Make a risk assessment of how severe someone’s withdrawal will be

This initial screening will also serve as a basis for putting together an
effective long-term treatment plan post-detox.

### Stabilization

The next step is to move on to keeping the client stable during the withdrawal
process and preventing them from coming to any form of harm. Some methods used
to accomplish this include:

  * Medication to help ease withdrawal symptoms
  * Providing proper diet and nutrition
  * Psychological therapy
  * Involvement of family and friends, if deemed helpful to treatment
  * Giving clients an idea of what to expect as part of the greater treatment and recovery process

### Transition

The final step in the medical detox process involves preparing the client for
transitioning into long-term substance abuse treatment. This usually involves:

  * Familiarizing clients with the addiction recovery treatment process
  * Providing resources and information on different recovery treatment programs
  * In the case of inpatient medical detox, undergoing the actual transition from detox to ongoing care within the same facility

Many people wonder exactly how long their detox will take. While there are
some established common timelines, detoxing from certain stimulants, for
example, can be done in a matter of days. Opioids can take a couple of weeks,
and benzodiazepines can sometimes take up to a month. The actual length of any
given individual’s detox experience is difficult to predict.

Someone’s detox length is affected by factors such as:

  * What substance someone was abusing
  * How long they were abusing it
  * How much of the substance they were taking and how often
  * How they were taking it (orally as a tablet, snorted as a tablet, injected as a liquid, etc.)
  * Whether or not they have a co-occurring disorder
  * The state of their overall health in general

**[I am ready to be sober.](tel:+18882630631 "\(888\) 263-0631")**

[(888) 263-0631](tel:+18882630631 "\(888\) 263-0631")

I would prefer to chat online

### What Kind of Detox Treatment Programs are There?

There are two main types of drug and alcohol detox programs: inpatient and
outpatient. When it comes to choosing the one that will work best for someone,
that depends on the unique factors that we have previously mentioned,
including the severity of their addiction, what substance they’re dependent
on, the severity of their withdrawal symptoms, and so on.

Inpatient detox treatment is a more common form of medical detox. It involves
the person being removed from their everyday environment and placed under 24-7
care and supervision, typically at one of the following places:

  * A residential rehabilitation facility
  * A medical detox center
  * A hospital
  * A dual-diagnosis treatment facility specializing in co-occurring disorders

Along with around-the-clock medical care and support, inpatient detox reduces
external triggers that could lead to a mid-detox relapse by taking someone out
of their normal life and having them stay in the controlled environment of a
treatment center, where they can also more easily transition into continued
care once they are done detoxing.

Outpatient detox treatment is much less structured and does not involve living
onsite at a treatment facility. Instead, the person continues with their
regular life while making regular visits to either a doctor’s office or
outpatient detox clinic for medication and support to help them through the
withdrawal process.

Obviously, while outpatient treatment is much more flexible and, for many
people, both more practical and feasible, the responsibility of avoiding
triggers that could lead to relapse is on the individual. Also, outpatient
detox is really only recommended if someone’s withdrawal symptoms are mild
enough that they do not require continuous medical monitoring.

Within these two categories are five placement levels of care concerning drug
and alcohol withdrawal, as [defined by the American Society of Addiction
Medicine:](https://www.asamcontinuum.org/knowledgebase/what-are-the-asam-
levels-of-care/)

  * Mild withdrawal that requires daily or less than daily outpatient supervision and support

  * Moderate withdrawal that requires all-day, on-site support and management, but can return home at night provided it is a healthy and supportive living situation.

  * Moderate withdrawal that requires 24-hour onsite support and care to increase the likelihood of recovery. This is defined as non-medical support, emphasizing the peer support found in a residential treatment facility.

  * Severe withdrawal that specifically requires medical supervision and care on a 24-hour basis

  * Severe withdrawal that necessitates 24-hour intensive medical intervention (This is referring to cases of acute withdrawal in which hospitalization has become necessary.)

## What Happens After Detox?

Once someone has successfully completed their detox, the strongly recommended
next step is checking into addiction rehabilitation treatment. As we’ve
previously mentioned, recovery cannot truly begin without first flushing the
substances someone has become dependent on out of their system. However, detox
alone is not enough to ensure lasting sobriety and has no effect on the
mindset and addictive behaviors that lead people down the path to substance
abuse in the first place.

Most medical detox facilities can provide information on addiction recovery
treatment programs and other resources to help aid in the transition from
detox to ongoing care.

At a reputable and professional recovery treatment center, an individual can
choose from a wide range of programs and services based on what will most
effectively meet their needs.

Much like detox, some people may require the more intensive care provided by
an inpatient treatment program, while others may find outpatient treatment
sufficient. Some common treatment options typically found in both inpatient
and outpatient programs include:

  * Relapse prevention planning
  * Dual diagnosis treatment
  * 12-step programs

No matter which form of treatment someone chooses, they can learn to
understand the issues at the root of their addiction and gain the tools and
coping skills necessary to help manage it in the long-term.

Many of these recovery centers also have alumni programs, which means
treatment program graduates can stay connected. They also can provide an
outside support network for each other to help avoid relapse and stay
committed to their recovery goals.

## Why Take the First Steps Toward Recovery Today?

If you’ve become dependent on a psychoactive substance, it’s important that
you seek help as soon as possible. Some withdrawal periods can be extremely
uncomfortable, while others can be deadly.

If you have been using a depressant like alcohol or benzodiazepines, and you
feel like you might be dependent, speak to a medical professional before
quitting cold turkey. However, even if you’ve become dependent on some other
type of drug, medical detox is the best way to start addiction treatment for
many people.

Even if withdrawal isn’t life-threatening, it can be difficult to get through
on your own. Drugs like opioids are notoriously addictive. Powerful cravings
may compel you to keep using, especially during the detox phase. Plus,
addiction is a progressive disease that can get worse over time, spreading to
different parts of your life.

Without treatment, it can start to take over your health, job, and
relationships.

![Nurse explaining medical practices to a patient](https://mhdetox.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/02/DetoxIMG-300x240.jpg)

Seeking addiction treatment early can help you avoid some of the worst
consequences of addiction.

But no matter where you are in the disease progression, help is available that
might be able to lead you to lasting sobriety. Learn more about medical detox
and addiction treatment to start your road to recovery today.

[![](https://mhdetox.com/app/uploads/2020/07/Drug-Rehab-
Options-326x155.jpg)](/contact-us/ "Do you have questions about treatment?")

[?](/contact-us/) **[Do you have questions about treatment?](/contact-us/ "Do
you have questions about treatment?")**

[(888) 263-0631](tel:+18882630631 "\(888\) 263-0631")

Online Chat Now

**Related Pages:**

  * [Detox Hospitalization](https://mhdetox.com/detox/hospitalization/ "Detox Hospitalization")
  * [Rapid Opioid Detox - Is It for You?](https://mhdetox.com/detox/rapid-opioid-detox/ "Rapid Opioid Detox – Is It for You?")
  * [Detox Medication](https://mhdetox.com/detox/medication/ "Detox Medication")
  * [Do Marijuana (THC) Detox Kits Actually Work?](https://mhdetox.com/detox/marijuana-detox-kits/ "Do Marijuana \(THC\) Detox Kits Actually Work?")
  * [Is Natural Alcohol Detox Possible? (Does It Work?)](https://mhdetox.com/detox/natural-alcohol-detox/ "Is Natural Alcohol Detox Possible? \(Does It Work?\)")
  * [Naltrexone Uses and Side Effects](https://mhdetox.com/detox/naltrexone/ "Naltrexone Uses and Side Effects")

This webpage's information is current

![](https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/0b5943f0860c0d034ab80fbbfcb08258?s=80&d=mm&r=g)

Written by: [Alyssa Harbina](https://mhdetox.com/author/alyssa-harbina/
"Alyssa Harbina")

**About Maryland House Detox:**

  * (September, 2013). Deaths and Severe Adverse Events Associated with Anesthesia-Assisted Rapid Opioid Detoxification. U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Retrieved April, 2018 from https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/mm6238a1.htm
  * (2006).Overview, Essential Concepts, and Definitions in Detoxification. The National Center for Biotechnology Information. Retrieved April, 2018 from https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK64119/
  * (January, 2018). Principles of Drug Addiction Treatment: A Research-Based Guide. National Institute on Drug Abuse. Retrieved April, 2018 from https://www.drugabuse.gov/publications/principles-drug-addiction-treatment-research-based-guide-third-edition/drug-addiction-treatment-in-united-states/types-treatment-programs
  * American Society of Addiction Medicine.(2015, May 13) What are the ASAM Levels of Care. Retrieved from https://www.asamcontinuum.org/knowledgebase/what-are-the-asam-levels-of-care/
  * U.S. National Library of Medicine. (2019, September 11). Delirium tremens: MedlinePlus Medical Encyclopedia. Retrieved from https://medlineplus.gov/ency/article/000766.htm

View 5 Sources

**Page navigation**

[ Previous **Dangers of At-Home Detox**](https://mhdetox.com/dangers-of-at-
home-detox-guide/ "Dangers of At-Home Detox")

[ Next **Ambien Detox**](https://mhdetox.com/detox/ambien/ "Ambien Detox")

**Maryland House Detox**  
[(888) 263-0631](tel:+18882630631)  
[[email protected]](/cdn-cgi/l/email-
protection#6900070f062904010d0c1d0611470a0604)  
[817 S Camp Meade Rd.  
Linthicum, MD
21090](https://www.google.com/maps/place/817+S+Camp+Meade+Rd,+Linthicum+Heights,+MD+21090/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x89b7e2bece9cc919:0xe2e3e694028088b7?sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwj8qYPZz-3wAhWBY98KHaq6ADsQ8gEwAHoECAkQAQ)

**Quick Links:**

  * [Pay Your Bill](https://portal.swervepay.com/e050fe016a5143e681053e67092837a5/standalone.html?locationKey=MHD)
  * [Notice of Privacy Practices](https://mhdetox.com/privacy-practices-notice/)
  * [Career Opportunities](https://delphihealthgroup.com/careers/)
  * [Delphi Health Group](https://delphihealthgroup.com/)
  * [Review Guide](https://mhdetox.com/review/)

[Find Rehab](/location/ "Find Rehab ")

[Get Help Now (888) 263-0631](tel:+18882630631 "Get Help Now \(888\)
263-0631")

(C) Maryland House Detox 2022. All Rights Reserved.

[**Tap to _GET HELP NOW_ :** (888) 263-0631](tel:+18882630631 "Tap to GET HELP
NOW: \(888\) 263-0631")

