[![Julia Brim-Edwards | Portland School
Board](http://www.juliaforportlandschoolboard.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/08/Updated-Logo.png)

[@JuliaForPortlandSchoolBoard](https://www.facebook.com/JuliaBrimedwardsPortlandSchoolBoard)

  * [Home](http://juliabrimedwardsportlandschools.com/)
  * [About Julia](http://juliabrimedwardsportlandschools.com/about-julia/)
  * [Others Talk, Julia Delivers!](http://juliabrimedwardsportlandschools.com/others-talk-julia-delivers/)
  * [Endorsements](http://juliabrimedwardsportlandschools.com/endorsements/)
  * [In the News](http://juliabrimedwardsportlandschools.com/julia-in-the-news/)
  * [Contact Us](http://juliabrimedwardsportlandschools.com/contact-us/)
  * [Donate](https://secure.c-esystems.com/juliabrimedwards/donation.aspx)
  * [Climate Strike](http://juliabrimedwardsportlandschools.com/climate-action/)

  * ![](http://juliabrimedwardsportlandschools.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/slide1-4.jpg)

## Julia Brim-Edwards -- The Leader We Need for These Times

Julia Brim-Edwards is the leader we need in these times. She brings committed
and experienced leadership to the Portland School Board and will listen to and
work with students, parents, and staff, help us navigate through the Covid
pandemic challenges, and support the equitable success of Portland students.
She is independent, student-focused and accountable. That’s exactly what we
need right now!

![](http://juliabrimedwardsportlandschools.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/Website-Graphics.png)

**“This has been a rough year, agonizingly hard for our students, their
families, and school staff. COVID-19 has been unsparing in its impact on what
it means to be a student. Our students and families are amazing; they are
finding ways to keep at it despite a year like none other. I appreciate how
our teachers, principals, and staff have developed new ways of teaching and
supporting students, with special care to our most vulnerable students.

It is times like these that Portland comes together to support our kids. We
know that the health of our community and our students’ futures depend on
strong, vibrant, and resilient public schools. I am intent on leveraging all
our state and community resources to help our students recover and thrive
after this unprecedented year.

I support opening schools for full-time, in-person learning this fall-with
health and safety investments-as this is where students learn best. Also, I
will prioritize funding supports for our students to make up learning losses,
close learning gaps, and accelerate learning through summer school,
enrichments, and added academic, counseling, and social-emotional supports.

While our schools face many challenges, together we can come back stronger,
more resilient, and more innovative to deliver on the promise that every PPS
student will receive an education that prepares them for their future. I hope
to have your vote by May 18th.”

![](http://juliabrimedwardsportlandschools.com/wp-
content/uploads/2017/03/signature.png)

### Julia’s immediate priorities include:

●Safely reopening schools this fall for full-time, in-person learning

●Supporting students making up and accelerating academic gains following the
pandemic year

●Creating more equitable outcomes for students of color, special education and
emerging multilingual students, by providing more teachers, counselors, and
academic supports to improve and deliver equitable outcomes

●Bolstering confidence in public schools after significant pandemic-related
enrollment drops  
**

![News Flash](http://juliabrimedwardsportlandschools.com/wp-
content/themes/julia-for-school-board/library/images/news-flash.png) [

#### PPS Board member Julia Brim-Edwards was reelected alongside two new
school board members: Herman Greene and Gary Hollands. - Willamette Week

](https://www.wweek.com/news/city/2021/05/18/portland-election-night-sees-two-
new-school-board-members-history-museum-levy-renewed/) [

#### Oregon school board results: Voters choose some new faces, others stick
with incumbents - OPB

](https://www.opb.org/article/2021/05/19/oregon-school-board-results-voters-
choose-some-new-faces-others-stick-with-incumbents/) [

#### Voters re-elect Brim-Edwards to PPS board, renew OHS levy; other races -
KATU

](https://www.katu.com/news/local/voters-re-elect-brim-edwards-for-pps-board-
renew-ohs-levy-other-races) ![Join My Mailing
List](http://juliabrimedwardsportlandschools.com/wp-content/themes/julia-for-
school-board/library/images/join-my-mailing-list.png)

First Name

Last Name

Email

Comments

Paid for by Julia for School Board | Copyright 2021 | All group pictures taken
prior to COVID-19 outbreak

Top ____[Julia Brim-Edwards | Portland School
Board](http://juliabrimedwardsportlandschools.com) __

  * [Home](http://juliabrimedwardsportlandschools.com/)
  * [About Julia](http://juliabrimedwardsportlandschools.com/about-julia/)
  * [Others Talk, Julia Delivers!](http://juliabrimedwardsportlandschools.com/others-talk-julia-delivers/)
  * [Endorsements](http://juliabrimedwardsportlandschools.com/endorsements/)
  * [In the News](http://juliabrimedwardsportlandschools.com/julia-in-the-news/)
  * [Contact Us](http://juliabrimedwardsportlandschools.com/contact-us/)
  * [Donate](https://secure.c-esystems.com/juliabrimedwards/donation.aspx)
  * [Climate Strike](http://juliabrimedwardsportlandschools.com/climate-action/)

