Skip to content

[![Decriminalize Sex Work | End Human Trafficking. Promote Health &
Safety.](https://i0.wp.com/decriminalizesex.work/wp-
content/uploads/dsw2020x.jpg?fit=258%2C161&ssl=1)](https://decriminalizesex.work/)

[Decriminalize Sex Work](https://decriminalizesex.work/)

End Human Trafficking. Promote health & safety.

Menu

  * [About DSW](https://decriminalizesex.work/about/)
    * [Mission Statement](https://decriminalizesex.work/about/mission-statement/)
    * [Team](https://decriminalizesex.work/about/team/)
    * [Staff Highlights](https://decriminalizesex.work/about/staff-highlights/)
    * [Newsletter](https://decriminalizesex.work/about/newsletter/)
    * [Strategy](https://decriminalizesex.work/about/strategy/)
    * [Financials](https://decriminalizesex.work/about/financials/)
    * [Grants](https://decriminalizesex.work/about/grants/)
  * [Advocacy](https://decriminalizesex.work/advocacy/)
    * [State Laws](https://decriminalizesex.work/advocacy/prostitution-laws-by-state/)
      * [By the Numbers: New York’s Treatment of Sex Workers and Trafficking Survivors](https://decriminalizesex.work/advocacy/by-the-numbers-new-yorks-treatment-of-sex-workers-and-trafficking-survivors/)
      * [Fact Sheets](https://decriminalizesex.work/fact-sheets/)
    * [Take Action](https://decriminalizesex.work/advocacy/take-action-your-state/)
      * [Oppose the EARN IT Act (federal)](https://decriminalizesex.work/advocacy/take-action-earn-it/)
    * [Federal Laws](https://decriminalizesex.work/advocacy/federal/)
    * [The EARN IT Act](https://decriminalizesex.work/advocacy/earn-it-act/)
    * [SESTA/FOSTA](https://decriminalizesex.work/advocacy/sesta-fosta/what-is-sesta-fosta/)
  * [Why Decriminalization](https://decriminalizesex.work/why-decriminalization/)
    * [FAQ & Resources](https://decriminalizesex.work/why-decriminalization/)
    * [Briefing Papers](https://decriminalizesex.work/why-decriminalization/briefing-papers/)
    * [Videos](https://decriminalizesex.work/why-decriminalization/videos/)
    * [Podcasts](https://decriminalizesex.work/podcasts/)
    * [International](https://decriminalizesex.work/why-decriminalization/international/)
    * [Organizations Endorsing Decriminalization](https://decriminalizesex.work/why-decriminalization/organizations-endorsing-decriminalization/)
    * [Notable People](https://decriminalizesex.work/why-decriminalization/notable-people/)
  * [Press](https://decriminalizesex.work/press/)
  * [Subscribe](https://decriminalizesex.work/subscribe/)
  * [Donate](https://decriminalizesex.work/donate/)

# Equality Model or Nordic Model of Prostitution Explained

* * *

## What is the Equality Model?

> The Equality Model is the partial decriminalization of sex work while
> leaving both the purchase and promotion of prostitution illegal. Unequivocal
> evidence shows that the Equality Model is not in the best interest of sex
> workers.

[![Equality Model or Nordic Model of Prostitution
Explained](image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Equality
Model or Nordic Model of Prostitution
Explained](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)](https://i0.wp.com/decriminalizesex.work/wp-
content/uploads/Equality-Model-or-Nordic-Model-of-Prostitution-
Explained.jpg?ssl=1)  
The term “Equality Model” has recently been attached to the legal framework
more commonly known as the Nordic Model of prostitution. Nordic Model
prostitution laws partially decriminalize sex work while leaving both the
purchase and promotion of sex work illegal. Attaching the term “equality” to
this approach to prostitution law suggests that it is in the best interest of
sex workers. Unequivocal evidence shows that it is not.

## Table of Contents

  * 1\. What is the Equality Model?
  * 2\. Equality Model vs Decriminalization
  * 3\. Examine the Evidence
  * 4\. What is the Nordic Model?
  * 5\. Equality Model in New York
  * 6\. Equality Model in Massachusetts

[ TAKE ACTION  ](https://decriminalizesex.work/advocacy/take-action-we-need-
full-decriminalization-not-the-entrapment-nordic-model/)

## The Nordic Model of prostitution renamed: Equality Model or Entrapment
Model?

There is irony in using the term “equality” to describe prostitution laws that
criminalize only one side of a sex work transaction. The implementation of
laws that criminalize clients clearly [correlates with an increase in
violence](https://decriminalizesex.work/equality-
model/#decriminalization_of_prostitution_vs_equality_model) perpetrated
against sex workers, so perhaps the “equality” they’re referring to is how
these laws equally harm everyone they touch.

In both implementation and outcomes, the Equality Model is anything but equal.
Since police primarily use these laws to essentially entrap sex work clients
in a [soliciting prostitution](https://decriminalizesex.work/soliciting-
prostitution/) charge, the Nordic Model rebranding we believe fits best is the
“[Entrapment Model](https://decriminalizesex.work/why-
decriminalization/briefing-papers/debunking-the-entrapment-model/).”

[![Equality
Model](image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Equality
Model](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)](https://i0.wp.com/decriminalizesex.work/wp-
content/uploads/The-Equality-Model-1-scaled.jpg?ssl=1)

## The Equality Model vs the full decriminalization of sex work

We compare two types of sex work legislation: Equality Model prostitution laws
and the full decriminalization of sex work.

### The Equality Model

  1. #### 1\. Criminalizes the buying of sex but not the selling of sex

  2. #### 2\. Sex workers are financially dependent on criminalized clients

  3. #### 3\. Assumes sex workers need to be "saved" and denies them bodily autonomy

  4. #### 4\. Does not decrease exploitation in the commercial sex industry

### Decriminalization of Sex Work

  1. #### 1\. Reduces violence and exploitation while increasing public health and safety

  2. #### 2\. Recommended by Amnesty International and the World Health Organization

  3. #### 3\. Improves sex worker health and safety while reducing sex worker homelessness

  4. #### 4\. Empowers sex workers to operate independently, reducing human trafficking

[ TAKE ACTION  ](https://decriminalizesex.work/advocacy/take-action-we-need-
full-decriminalization-not-the-entrapment-nordic-model/)

## Examine the Evidence: Equality Model vs Decriminalization of Prostitution

| Decriminalization of Prostitution | Equality Model  
---|---|---  
Demand for prostitution | [No change](http://prostitutescollective.net/wp-
content/uploads/2016/10/report-of-the-nz-prostitution-law-committee-2008.pdf)
| [No change](https://www.justice-
ni.gov.uk/sites/default/files/publications/justice/assessment-of-impact-
criminalisation-of-purchasing-sexual-services.pdf)  
Sex trafficking |
[Decreased](https://www.gaatw.org/resources/publications/913-moving-beyond-
supply-and-demand-catchphrases-assessing-the-uses-and-limitations-of-demand-
based-approaches-in-anti-traffickingDecreased) |
[Increased](https://www.nswp.org/resource/policy-brief-the-impact-end-demand-
legislation-women-sex-workers)  
Reports of incidents of violence against sex workers |
[Decreased](https://www.hrw.org/news/2019/08/07/why-sex-work-should-be-
decriminalized) |
[Increased](https://www.nswp.org/sites/nswp.org/files/232216-purchasing_sexual_services_in_sweden_and_the_nederlands.pdf)  
Public health and safety |
[Increased](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25059943/) |
[Decreased](https://www.gaatw.org/resources/publications/913-moving-beyond-
supply-and-demand-catchphrases-assessing-the-uses-and-limitations-of-demand-
based-approaches-in-anti-traffickingDecreased)  
Social attitudes | [Reduced stigma of sex workers and
clients](https://www.opensocietyfoundations.org/uploads/c24963af-78fd-4497-a79d-f824413182b4/10-reasons-
to-decriminalize-sex-work-20150410.pdf) | [Increased stigma of sex workers and
clients](https://www.justice-
ni.gov.uk/sites/default/files/publications/justice/assessment-of-impact-
criminalisation-of-purchasing-sexual-services.pdf)  
  
  
[![decriminalization of prostitution vs equality
model](image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![decriminalization
of prostitution vs equality
model](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)](https://i0.wp.com/decriminalizesex.work/wp-
content/uploads/decriminalization-of-prostitution-vs-equality-model.jpg?ssl=1)

  1. 1 Ministry of Justice, “[Report of the Prostitution Law Review Committee on the Operation of the Prostitution Reform Act 2003](http://prostitutescollective.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/report-of-the-nz-prostitution-law-committee-2008.pdf),” New Zealand Government, May 2008, 168.
  2. 2 “[Assessment of Review of Operation of Article 64A of the Sexual Offences Order (Northern Ireland) 2008: Offence of Purchasing Sexual Services](https://www.justice-ni.gov.uk/sites/default/files/publications/justice/assessment-of-impact-criminalisation-of-purchasing-sexual-services.pdf),” Northern Ireland Department of Justice, September 17, 2019.
  3. 3 GAATW, 2011, “[Moving Beyond ‘Supply and Demand’ Catchphrases - Assessing the uses and limitations of demand based approaches in anti-trafficking.](https://www.gaatw.org/resources/publications/913-moving-beyond-supply-and-demand-catchphrases-assessing-the-uses-and-limitations-of-demand-based-approaches-in-anti-traffickingDecreased)”
  4. 4 “[Policy Brief: The Impact of ‘End Demand’ Legislation on Women Sex Workers](https://www.nswp.org/resource/policy-brief-the-impact-end-demand-legislation-women-sex-workers),” Global Network of Sex Work Projects, February 12, 2018.
  5. 5 “[Why Sex Work Should Be Decriminalized: Questions and Answers](https://www.hrw.org/news/2019/08/07/why-sex-work-should-be-decriminalized),” Human Rights Watch, August 7, 2019.
  6. 6 “[Purchasing Sexual Services in Sweden and the Netherlands: Legal Regulation and Experiences](https://www.nswp.org/sites/nswp.org/files/232216-purchasing_sexual_services_in_sweden_and_the_nederlands.pdf),” Norwegian Ministry of Justice and the Police, 2004; Jay Levy, Criminalising the Purchase of Sex: Lessons from Sweden (New York: Routledge, Taylor & Francis Group, 2015), 121.
  7. 7 Decker M R et al., “[Human rights violations against sex workers: burden and effect on HIV](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25059943/),” The Lancet HIV and Sex Workers, (2014): 60-73.
  8. 8 GAATW, 2011, “[Moving Beyond ‘Supply and Demand’ Catchphrases - Assessing the uses and limitations of demand based approaches in anti-trafficking.](https://www.gaatw.org/resources/publications/913-moving-beyond-supply-and-demand-catchphrases-assessing-the-uses-and-limitations-of-demand-based-approaches-in-anti-traffickingDecreased)”
  9. 9 “[Ten Reasons to Decriminalize Sex Work](https://www.opensocietyfoundations.org/uploads/c24963af-78fd-4497-a79d-f824413182b4/10-reasons-to-decriminalize-sex-work-20150410.pdf)” Open Society Foundation, March 2015.
  10. 10 “[Assessment of Review of Operation of Article 64A of the Sexual Offences Order (Northern Ireland) 2008: Offence of Purchasing Sexual Services](https://www.justice-ni.gov.uk/sites/default/files/publications/justice/assessment-of-impact-criminalisation-of-purchasing-sexual-services.pdf),” Northern Ireland Department of Justice, September 17, 2019.



![what is the nordic
model](image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![what
is the nordic
model](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)

## What is the Nordic Model?

The Nordic Model of prostitution is based on the theory that the way to “free”
sex workers from lives of prostitution is to criminalize clients and third
parties. The theory assumes sex workers are victims, but in practice, the law
tends to treat them more like criminals.

Sex work exists on a spectrum of choice, circumstance, and coercion. Sex work
is work and no one should assume that sex workers do not have choice or
autonomy. This patriarchal view of sex work is a dangerous threat to the
bodily autonomy and freedom of choice that women and other marginalized groups
have been fighting to achieve for so long.

Laws based on the Nordic Model [target sex work clients with
entrapment](https://decriminalizesex.work/why-decriminalization/briefing-
papers/debunking-the-entrapment-model/), making them far more likely to pursue
anonymous interactions in remote locations. Keeping sex work in the dark
jeopardizes the harm reduction strategies sex workers use to keep themselves
safe and leaves them vulnerable to predators and criminals.

![Prostitution laws across the
globe](image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Prostitution
laws across the
globe](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)

## Prostitution laws across the globe

From added violence to malicious evictions, [evidence of Nordic model
failure](https://decriminalizesex.work/nordic-model-failure/) has shown that
partial decriminalization prostitution laws are simultaneously ineffective at
ending exploitation in the sex trade and harmful to the people they are meant
to protect.

  1. ### Prostitution Laws in Northern Ireland

Northern Ireland created their Entrapment-based, Nordic Model prostitution
laws in a naive attempt to end demand for sex work. Rather than decrease
demand, they’ve experienced an increase in online ads since implementation in
2015. A study conducted by the Department of Justice also found an increase in
harassment and anti-social behaviors directed at sex workers since the policy
change.

  2. ### Prostitution Laws in Norway

Norway enacted prostitution laws based on the Nordic Model that intentionally
evicted over 400 sex workers, mostly migrant women, from their homes. The
project was aptly named “Operation Homeless” by Norwegian police.

  3. ### Prostitution Laws in Sweden

Swedish prostitution laws enacted in 1999 use landlords as weapons against sex
workers. These laws hold landlords liable for promoting prostitution if they
don’t evict sex workers simply for having used their homes to provide sexual
services.



![model
sex](image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![model
sex](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)

## Only 7% of Americans support entrapment model sex work legislation

[A national survey](https://decriminalizesex.work/public-policy-polling-2021/)
completed October 1st, 2021 of likely voters in the United States asked voters
whether they would support decriminalizing the sale of sex, while keeping the
purchase of sex illegal. When asked about this entrapment model sex work
legislation, only 7% support this model of prohibiting prostitution, while 60%
oppose it, and 33% are unsure.

The vast majority of individuals involved in selling and buying sex are
consenting adults. “Proponents of the entrapment model conflate human
trafficking with consensual adult sex work, intentionally confusing the issue
to advance their agenda of restricting sex between consenting adults. Where
trafficking and prostitution are conflated, human trafficking victims are
treated like criminals, and consenting adults are needlessly arrested,” said
Ariela Moscowitz, director of communications at Decriminalize Sex Work (DSW),
which commissioned the national poll. “There is less support for the
entrapment model than there is for white supremacist views, yet legislators
continue to propose the former,” Moscowitz continued.



![Sex Worker
Jobs](image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Sex
Worker
Jobs](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)

## Sex worker jobs are not inherently dangerous. Criminalization makes the
work dangerous.

Criminalizing clients keeps the entire sex work industry underground and makes
sex worker jobs more dependent on third parties who might mean them harm,
leaving them more vulnerable to exploitation.

Sex workers in countries where prostitution laws like the Entrapment Model
have been implemented are frequently threatened and harassed by law
enforcement. Criminalizing clients results in police raids on sex workers
which are psychologically and physically harmful. These encounters also often
result in sex workers experiencing isolation and stigma due to being outed to
their community.



![equality model new
york](image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![equality
model new
york](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)

## Equality Model New York

The promoters of the newly rebranded Equality Model of prostitution have
launched their U.S. campaign in New York. Despite evidence demonstrating that
this model contributes to exploitation and makes sex work more dangerous, the
Equality Model New York project has decided to push forward with their
entrapment-focused legislation.

This Nordic Model offshoot has been [rejected](https://filtermag.org/sex-
workers-equality-model-new-york/) again and
[again](https://www.decrimny.org/post/the-equality-model-is-criminalization-
by-another-name-pass-the-stop-violence-in-the-sex-trades-act) by sex workers
and scientists who study the data from countries where partial
decriminalization has been implemented.

### Keep the Equality Model out of New York State!

It’s not too late to stop New York from enacting this harmful partial
decriminalization legislation! You can help by contacting the State Senators
who are sponsoring bill S6040, Sex Trade Survivors Justice and Equality Act.
Tell them you support protecting the safety of New York’s sex workers and
demand that they keep the Equality Model out of New York State.

  1. #### Senator Liz Krueger

Contact New York State Senator Liz Krueger. Senator Krueger represents the
28th Senate District and is the Chair of the Finance Committee. Liz Krueger is
the primary sponsor of New York S6040.

  2. #### Senator Diane Savino

Contact New York State Senator Diane Savino. Senator Savino represents the
23rd Senate District and is the Chair of the Committee on Internet and
Technology. Diane Savino is a sponsor of New York S6040.

  3. #### Senator Neil Breslin

Contact New York State Senator Neil Breslin. Senator Breslin represents the
44th Senate District and is the Chair of the Committee on Insurance. Neil
Breslin is a sponsor of New York S6040.



![equality model
massachusetts](image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![equality
model
massachusetts](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)

## Equality Model Massachusetts

A legislative campaign has also launched with the goal of implementing the
Equality Model in Massachusetts. The bill they have proposed is ironically
called “An Act To Strengthen Justice and Support for Sex Trade Survivors.”
Unfortunately the implementation of legislation that criminalizes consensual
sex work clients correlates with an increase in violence perpetrated against
sex workers rather than a decrease in human trafficking.

This effort to implement the Nordic Model of prostitution in the Massachusetts
uses fines charged to convicted sex work clients to fund programs meant to
remove sex workers from the profession. Unfortunately the proponents of
Equality Model Massachusetts seem to conflate human trafficking and consensual
adult sex work in their legislative proposal which is detrimental to both
victims of human trafficking and sex workers who choose the profession.

### Keep the Equality Model out of Massachusetts!

It’s not too late to stop Massachusetts from enacting this harmful partial
decriminalization legislation! You can help by contacting the State
Representatives and Senators who are sponsoring bill [H1761, An Act to
strengthen justice and support for sex trade
survivors](https://trackbill.com/bill/massachusetts-house-bill-1761-an-act-to-
strengthen-justice-and-support-for-sex-trade-survivors/2099741/). Tell them
you support protecting the safety of sex workers in Massachusetts and demand
that they keep the Equality Model out of the State of Massachusetts.

  1. #### Representative Elizabeth Malia

Contact Massachusetts State Representative Elizabeth Malia. Representative
Malia represents the 11th Suffolk District and is the primary sponsor of
Massachusetts H1761.

  2. #### Representative Adam Scanlon

Contact Massachusetts State Representative Adam Scanlon. Representative
Scanlon represents the 14th Bristol District and is a sponsor of Massachusetts
H1761.

  3. #### Representative Adrian Madaro

Contact Massachusetts State Representative Adrian Madaro. Representative
Madaro represents the 1st Suffolk District and is a sponsor of Massachusetts
H1761.

  4. #### Representative Andres Vargas

Contact Massachusetts State Representative Andres Vargas. Representative
Vargas represents the 3rd Essex District and is a sponsor of Massachusetts
H1761.

  5. #### Representative Carlos González

Contact Massachusetts State Representative Carlos González. Representative
González represents the 10th Hampden District and is a sponsor of
Massachusetts H1761.

  6. #### Representative Christina Minicucci

Contact Massachusetts State Representative Christina Minicucci. Representative
Minicucci represents the 14th Essex District and is a sponsor of Massachusetts
H1761.

  7. #### Representative Christine Barber

Contact Massachusetts State Representative Christine Barber. Representative
Barber represents the 34th Middlesex District and is a sponsor of
Massachusetts H1761.

  8. #### Representative Daniel Donahue

Contact Massachusetts State Representative Daniel Donahue. Representative
Donahue represents the 16th Worcester District and is a sponsor of
Massachusetts H1761.

  9. #### Representative David LeBoeuf

Contact Massachusetts State Representative David LeBoeuf. Representative
LeBoeuf represents the 17th Worcester District and is a sponsor of
Massachusetts H1761.

  10. #### Representative David Rogers

Contact Massachusetts State Representative David Rogers. Representative Rogers
represents the 24th Middlesex District and is a sponsor of Massachusetts
H1761.

  11. #### Representative Jack Lewis

Contact Massachusetts State Representative Jack Lewis. Representative Lewis
represents the 7th Middlesex District and is a sponsor of Massachusetts H1761.

  12. #### Representative James Hawkins

Contact Massachusetts State Representative James Hawkins. Representative
Hawkins represents the 2nd Bristol District and is a sponsor of Massachusetts
H1761.

  13. #### Representative James O'Day

Contact Massachusetts State Representative James O'Day. Representative O'Day
represents the 14th Worcester District and is a sponsor of Massachusetts
H1761.

![The 2020 Democratic Presidential Candidates on Prostitution
Policy](image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![The
2020 Democratic Presidential Candidates on Prostitution
Policy](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)

## Speaking out: The 2020 Democratic Presidential candidates on prostitution
policy and the Equality Model.

Many of the Democratic Party candidates for President of the United States in
the 2020 election went on the record regarding their views on prostitution
policy. The following quotes have been attributed to each candidate.

  1. ### **U.S. Rep. Tulsi Gabbard (D-Hawaii)**

“IF A CONSENTING ADULT WANTS TO ENGAGE IN SEX WORK, THAT IS THEIR RIGHT, AND
IT SHOULD NOT BE A CRIME,” GABBARD SAID. “ALL PEOPLE SHOULD HAVE AUTONOMY OVER
THEIR BODIES AND THEIR LABOR.”  
—Buzzfeed News, March 2019

  2. ### **U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-Massachusetts)**

“I’M OPEN TO DECRIMINALIZATION. SEX WORKERS, LIKE ALL WORKERS, DESERVE
AUTONOMY BUT THEY ARE PARTICULARLY VULNERABLE TO PHYSICAL AND FINANCIAL ABUSE
AND HARDSHIP. WE NEED TO MAKE SURE WE DON’T UNDERMINE LEGAL PROTECTIONS FOR
THE MOST VULNERABLE, INCLUDING THE MILLIONS OF INDIVIDUALS WHO ARE VICTIMS OF
HUMAN TRAFFICKING EACH YEAR.”  
—Senator Warren via Twitter, June 19, 2019

“AS LAWMAKERS, WE ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR EXAMINING UNINTENDED CONSEQUENCES OF ALL
LEGISLATION, AND THAT INCLUDES ANY IMPACT SESTA-FOSTA MAY HAVE HAD ON THE
ABILITY OF SEX WORKERS TO PROTECT THEMSELVES FROM PHYSICAL OR FINANCIAL
ABUSE.”  
—The Hill, December 17, 2019

  3. ### **U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders (D-Vermont)**

“WHEN YOU TALK ABOUT, UH, PEOPLE GETTING ARRESTED, UH, FOR PROSTITUTION, I
THINK ONE SHOULD KEEP INTO CONSIDERATION THAT THE, THE PEOPLE WHO USE
PROSTITUTES, MEN WHO VISIT, UH, PLACES OF PROSTITUTION, OR ENGAGE
PROSTITUTIONS (SIC), THEY ARE EQUALLY GUILTY. BUT I THINK THE ISSUE OF, UH,
LEGALIZING IT* IS SOMETHING THAT CERTAINLY NEEDS TO BE DISCUSSED.”  
—Senator Sanders in an interview with NPR, May 2019

“BERNIE BELIEVES THAT DECRIMINALIZATION IS CERTAINLY SOMETHING THAT SHOULD BE
CONSIDERED. OTHER COUNTRIES HAVE DONE THIS AND IT HAS SHOWN TO MAKE THE LIVES
OF SEX WORKERS SAFER.”  
—Sarah Ford, Deputy Communications Director of the Sanders Campaign, The Hill,
June 2019

  4. ### **Pete Buttigieg (D-Indiana)**

“I'M NOT READY TO MAKE POLICY NEWS ON THIS YET. … THE REASON FOSTA-SESTA MOVED
SO QUICKLY IS BECAUSE [LAWMAKERS THOUGHT] THAT BY SUPPORTING THE BILL THEY
WERE OPPOSING THE HARMS THAT COME FROM SEX TRAFFICKING. WE NOW UNDERSTAND THAT
THIS LEGISLATION HARMED VULNERABLE PEOPLE, BUT THIS NEEDS TO BE PART OF A
LARGER CONVERSATION ABOUT HOW WE TREAT SEX WORKERS AND ALL OF THE REASONS WHY
THIS SOCIETY HESITATES TO EMBRACE THE IDEA OF SEX WORK. I DON’T THINK ALL OF
THOSE IDEAS ARE WRONG, BUT WE NEED TO OPEN UP DEBATE ABOUT THESE POLICIES,
WHICH WERE WELL-INTENTIONED BUT HARMFUL IN PRACTICE.”  
—Out magazine, May 21, 2019

  5. ### **U.S. Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-Minnesota)**

“SO I AM NOT IN FAVOR OF DECRIMINALIZING ALL OF SEX WORK. I’M CONCERNED ABOUT
THE EFFECT THAT’S GONNA HAVE ON YOUNG WOMEN AND VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN, BUT
I’D LOVE TO TALK WITH YOU AFTERWARDS IF YOU HAVE A FEW MINUTES SO WE CAN TALK
IT THROUGH, AND LET’S SEE HOW WE CAN FIND COMMON GROUND GOING FORWARD.”  
—Senator Klobuchar in CNSNews.com, October 11, 2019

“ON AVERAGE, GIRLS FIRST BECOME VICTIMS OF SEX TRAFFICKING AT 13 YEARS OLD.”  
—Senator Klobuchar in The Washington Post, June 11, 2015

  6. ### **Andrew Yang (D)**

“[W]E SHOULD CONSIDER DECRIMINALIZING SEX WORK ON THE PART OF THE SELLER,” AS
THIS WOULD BE “HELPFUL IN COMBATING HUMAN TRAFFICKING.”  
—Andrew Yang in Reason, December 23, 2019

  7. ### **Michael Bloomberg (D-New York)**

“WE’RE JUST NOT GOING TO HAVE THIS WOMAN IN FRONT OF A CLASS.”  
—Mayor Bloomberg, on firing a school teacher who admitted to working as a sex
worker in the past, The Guardian, October 2010

  8. ### **Former Vice President Joe Biden (D-Delaware)**

“IN YOUR STATE, YOU’VE MADE THAT JUDGMENT AND YOU HAVE A MECHANISM BY WHICH TO
OVERSEE WHAT’S HAPPENING, AND SO I’M NOT SUGGESTING I’M GOING TO COME AND
CHANGE THE LAW IN YOUR STATE,” BIDEN SAID. “BUT THERE’S A WHOLE RANGE OF
THINGS THAT MATTER: IT MATTERS WHETHER OR NOT HOW YOU GOT INTO THE TRADE,
WHETHER YOU GOT PULLED INTO THE TRADE OR WHETHER YOU’RE UNDERAGE, ET CETERA,
AND WHETHER OR NOT YOU’RE OWNED BY A JOHN WHO IS TAKING YOUR MONEY, ET CETERA.
THERE’S A WHOLE RANGE OF THINGS.”  
—Joe Biden in The Nevada Independent, July 20, 2019



![reject Entrapment Model
legislation](image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![reject
Entrapment Model
legislation](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)

## Take action! Reject Entrapment Model legislation!

Please send [this letter](https://decriminalizesex.work/advocacy/take-action-
we-need-full-decriminalization-not-the-entrapment-nordic-model/) to your state
representative and help reject the Entrapment Model before it gets a foothold
in the United States. With your support, we can fully decriminalize consensual
adult sex work across the country and improve the health and safety of our
communities.

[ ](https://www.facebook.com/DecriminalizeSexWork "Decriminalize Sex Work on
Facebook") [ ](https://twitter.com/decrimsex "Decriminalize Sex Work on
Twitter") [ ](https://instagram.com/decrimsexwork/ "Decriminalize Sex Work on
Instagram") [ ](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCilew3hA3hIJs1rmuhKqMyg
"Decriminalize Sex Work on Youtube")

  * [Jobs](https://decriminalizesex.work/about/jobs-application-process/)
  * [Contact](https://decriminalizesex.work/contact/)
  * [Media Inquiries](https://decriminalizesex.work/press/)
  * [Donate](https://decriminalizesex.work/donate/)
  * [Privacy](https://decriminalizesex.work/privacy-policy/)

[Privacy Policy](https://decriminalizesex.work/privacy-policy/) (C) [ 2022
Decriminalize Sex Work / Campaign to Decriminalize Sex Work
](https://decriminalizesex.work/ "Decriminalize Sex Work")

Receive DSW’s national monthly newsletter

Highlights the most important developments relating to our efforts to end the
prohibition of prostitution and improve the policies relating to other forms
of sex work in the United States

[Sign me up!](https://actions.salsalabs.org/04boldsignup)

If you are in New Hampshire, New York, Rhode Island, or Vermont, you will
receive occasional legislative updates for that state (in addition to DSW’s
monthly, national e-newsletter).

No, thank you.

[__](https://twitter.com/DecrimSex)[__](https://www.facebook.com/DecriminalizeSexWork)[__](https://www.instagram.com/decrimsexwork/)

[ ](javascript:void\(0\);)

