__[252-809-7005](tel:252-809-7005) | __[Email
Us!](mailto:info@highcottonhemp.com?Subject=Website%20Question)

[__](https://www.facebook.com/highcottonhemp/)

__

[My Account](https://hchempcbd.com/my-account/)

  * [About Us](https://hchempcbd.com/about-high-cotton-hemp/)
    * [Policies](https://hchempcbd.com/policies/)
  * [Buy CBD](https://hchempcbd.com/shop/)
    * [CBD Edibles](https://hchempcbd.com/cbd-edibles/)
    * [CBD for Pets](https://hchempcbd.com/cbd-for-pets/)
    * [Smokable Hemp Flower](https://hchempcbd.com/smokable-hemp-flower/)
    * [CBD Tinctures](https://hchempcbd.com/cbd-tincture/)
    * [CBD Bath Products](https://hchempcbd.com/cbd-bath-products/)
    * [CBD Nano Formulation](https://hchempcbd.com/cbd-nano-formulation/)
    * [CBD Topicals](https://hchempcbd.com/cbd-topicals/)
    * [Delta 8](https://hchempcbd.com/delta-8/)
    * [Shop by Brand](https://hchempcbd.com/brand/)
      * [Diamond CBD](https://hchempcbd.com/diamond-cbd/)
      * [Emerald Hemp OIl](https://hchempcbd.com/emerald-hemp-oil/)
      * [High Cotton Hemp](https://hchempcbd.com/high-cotton-hemp/)
      * [Lazarus Naturals](https://hchempcbd.com/lazarus-naturals/)
      * [MEDIPETS](https://hchempcbd.com/medipets/)
      * [Yum Yum Gummies](https://hchempcbd.com/yum-yum/)
    * [Shop All](https://hchempcbd.com/shop/)
  * [About CBD Oil](https://hchempcbd.com/about-cbd-oil/)

[ ![site-logo-dark](https://hchempcbd.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/05/highcottonhemplogo.png) ![site-logo-
light](https://hchempcbd.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/05/highcottonhemplogo.png) ![site-logo-
small](https://hchempcbd.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/05/highcottonhemplogo.png) ](https://hchempcbd.com/)

__

[__0](https://hchempcbd.com/cart/)

was successfully added to your cart.

  * [Testimonials](https://hchempcbd.com/testimonials/)
  * [FAQs](https://hchempcbd.com/faqs/)
  * [Contact Us](https://hchempcbd.com/contact-high-cotton-hemp/)
  * [__0](https://hchempcbd.com/cart/)

was successfully added to your cart.

![Wooden background with hemp leaf for CBD oil](//hchempcbd.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/05/wood-bkgrnd-img-slide-1.jpg)

# CBD Oil Tinctures, Topicals, & Capsules

Relaxing never felt so good. Buy Now

Search for: Search

## High Cotton Hemp - Your CBD Oil Store

![](https://hchempcbd.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/yum-yum-gummies-cbd-
isolate-watermelon-1500mg_0.jpg-150x150.webp)

![Chill Extreme](https://hchempcbd.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/Chill-
Extreme-150x150.jpg)

![](https://hchempcbd.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/soap-display-150x150.jpg)

### CBD Watermelon Gummies

Yum Yum Gummies 1500x CBD Infused Watermelon use natural CBD hemp extract. The
gummies are chewy, edible CBD infused manufactured from industrial hemp
plants.  
Recommended use: take 1-3 gummies Daily as needed.

$ 60.00

[ Order Now __](https://hchempcbd.com/yum-yum-gummies-watermelon-1500mg-copy/)

Price Drop!!!

### Chill Plus EXTREME Delta 8 Gummies

Our Chill Extreme Delta-8 Gummies are a Mix of delicious CBD Gummy flavors,
balanced out with 250mg of CBD isolate to make your buzz smooth and steady.
It’s the perfect way to chill out with friends or enjoy an afternoon alone.

$ 100.00

[ Order Now __](https://hchempcbd.com/chill-plus-cbd-delta-8-extreme-
gummies-1250x/)

DELTA 8

![Chill Plus EXTREME Gummies](https://hchempcbd.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/05/chill-plus-cbd-delta-8-extreme-tropical-mix-
gummies-1250x_1.jpg)

### Handmade CBD Goats Milk Soap - Many Scents to Choose From!!

Our handmade soaps are made with a biodegradable base of natural oils, lye and
distilled water. That’s right, it’s the soap your grandparents swear by and
they are right!! Our CBD Goat Soap can help maintain skin revitalization. It
contains essential fatty acids, providing excellent nutritional value for the
body, and also helps remove impurities from the body. Our CBD soap will
nourish and revitalize the skin while making you squeaky clean. It is great
for dry skin, psoriasis, acne, etc. AND…SMELLS GREAT!!! Handmade soap is
kinder, more gentle on and to your skin!

$ 15.00

[ Order Now __](https://hchempcbd.com/cbd-goat-milk-soap/)

300mg CBD

### **Come visit our store!**

[1366 Bell Town Road in Williamston,
NC](https://www.google.com/maps/place/1366+Bell+Town+Rd,+Williamston,+NC+27892/@35.8120405,-76.9991883,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x89af0f4d119924ab:0x64ff9e898e6a3ba2!8m2!3d35.8120405!4d-76.9969996?shorturl=1)

_**We not only sell CBD oil products, but we also sell fresh-from-the-farm
produce and gifts!**_

"I won a contest for the Relax Watermelon gummies and they are an excellent
product. I struggle with anxiety and they help more than I ever would have
expected. I'll definitely be purchasing them in the future. I absolutely
recommend this product and company."

#### HOLLY L.

Valued Customer

"I was a bit skeptical at 1st. I am a creature of habit and don't usually try
new things but I tried the CBD oil & wow! I have 3 different types of
arthritis & fibromyalgia along with degenerative disc disease in my lower back
so usually if one body part isn't hurting, another one is. I got a small size
bottle to start which was for 15 days & I have switched up flavors on my 2nd
bottle. When I decide which flavor I like best, I will definitely get a larger
bottle."

#### LEANNE J.

Valued Customer

"Committed owners and quality product that really works."

#### SUSAN M.

Valued Customer

# [SMOKABLE HEMP FLOWER](/smokable-hemp-flower/)

#### Enjoy the Rich Flavors & Aromas of strains such as [Bubba Kush](/premium-
hemp-flower-bubbakush-smokables-cannabis/)!

[![Bubba Kush for homepage smokables](https://hchempcbd.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/05/bubba-kush-1.png)](/premium-hemp-flower-bubbakush-
smokables-cannabis/)

[View All Smokable Hemp Buds __](/smokable-hemp-flower/)

## Trust High Cotton Hemp for the Highest Quality CBD Oil Products

Locally grown and processed in Eastern NC.  
Hand-picked and staff-tested.  
We sell only premium high quality CBD Oil Products.

[![Tinctures](https://hchempcbd.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/tincture-
new.svg)](https://hchempcbd.com/cbd-tincture/)

Tinctures

[![](https://hchempcbd.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/capsules-
new.svg)](https://hchempcbd.com/cbd-capsule/)

Capsules

[![](https://hchempcbd.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/05/cbd_edibles_1200x-150x150.jpg)](https://hchempcbd.com/cbd-
edibles/)

Edibles

[![](https://hchempcbd.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/pets-
new.svg)](https://hchempcbd.com/cbd-for-pets/)

CBD for Pets

[![](https://hchempcbd.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/topical-
new-2.svg)](https://hchempcbd.com/cbd-topicals/)

Topicals

[![smokables-icon](https://hchempcbd.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/smokables-
icon-hp-150x150.png)](https://hchempcbd.com/smokable-hemp-flower/)

[Smokables](https://hchempcbd.com/smokable-hemp-flower/)

[![CBD Nano Formulation Icon](https://hchempcbd.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/12/nano-icon-web-150x150.png)](/cbd-nano-formulation/)

Nano Formulation

### CONTACT US

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.

Please leave this field empty.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google [Privacy
Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy) and [Terms of
Service](https://policies.google.com/terms) apply.

### ABOUT HIGH COTTON HEMP

OUR MISSION: High Cotton Hemp is an employee-owned company that wants to make
high quality CBD products accessible to those that need them most.

![High Cotton Hemp Logo](https://hchempcbd.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/05/highcottonhemplogo.png)

###  NEWSLETTER

Subscribe to get regular updates for new stuff and events.

Leave this field empty if you're human:

### FOLLOW US!

For the latest news on CBD Oil and new CBD products, please follow us on
social media.

[__](https://www.facebook.com/highcottonhemp/)

__

### IMPORTANT INFO:

[Our Policies](https://hchempcbd.com/policies/)  
[FAQ](https://hchempcbd.com/faq/)  
[About Us](https://hchempcbd.com/about-high-cotton-hemp/)

### FDA DISCLOSURE

These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA and are not intended to
diagnose, treat or cure any disease. Always check with your physician before
starting a new dietary supplement program.

### CONTACT US

If you have any questions about this website or any CBD Products or you just
want to say "hi," don't hesitate to reach out to us. We're happy to help.

__[252-809-7005](tel:252-809-7005)

__[1366 Bell Town Road, Williamston,
NC](https://www.google.com/maps/place/High+Cotton+Hemp/@35.8120109,-76.9991559,16.99z/data=!4m13!1m7!3m6!1s0x89af0f4d119924ab:0x64ff9e898e6a3ba2!2s1366+Bell+Town+Rd,+Williamston,+NC+27892!3b1!8m2!3d35.8120405!4d-76.9969996!3m4!1s0x89af0f24bd6eead3:0xcf8e777f09c250f2!8m2!3d35.8120405!4d-76.9969996)

__[Email Us!](mailto:info@highcottonhemp.com?Subject=Website%20Question)

Copyright ©2019 High Cotton Hemp | Website Development by
[WSUM](http://williamstonstartupmarketing.com).

__

