______

  * [Home](/)
  * [Comics](/comics/)
  * [Genres](/genres/)
  * [News](/news/)
  * Search __

[ ![](/static/images/svgs/ck-logo-grad-new.4a5d6c8b3536.svg) ](/ "Go Home")

__

__

  * [ Login  ](/auth/login/)
  * [ __ Register  ](/auth/signup/)

[Comics](/comics/)

[Genres](/genres/)

[News](/news/)

__

##  NEW: 12 Classic Comics from “Astro Boy” Author Osamu Tezuka Now Available[
__](/news/ "Back to News")

2022/09/10 by Comikey

![](/media/uploads/2022/09/89cf5faad868.jpg)

We’re so pleased to announce the launch of twelve titles from the legendary
Osamu Tezuka, famed author of Astro Boy.

The titles are as follows:

  1. [Ludwig B](https://comikey.com/comics/ludwig-b-manga/273/)
  2. [Swallowing the Earth](https://comikey.com/comics/swallowing-earth-manga/271/)
  3. [Under the Air](https://comikey.com/comics/under-the-air-manga/264/)
  4. [Clockwork Apple](https://comikey.com/comics/clockwork-apple-manga/265/)
  5. [Melody of Iron - and Other Short Stories](https://comikey.com/comics/melody-of-iron-manga/268/)
  6. [The Crater](https://comikey.com/comics/the-crater-manga/272/)
  7. [Brave Dan](https://comikey.com/comics/brave-dan-manga/269/)
  8. [Crime and Punishment](https://comikey.com/comics/crime-and-punishment-manga/266/)
  9. [Captain Ken](https://comikey.com/comics/captain-ken-manga/262/)
  10. [Alabaster](https://comikey.com/comics/alabaster-manga/267/)
  11. [Barbara](https://comikey.com/comics/barbara-manga/270/)
  12. [Record of the Glass Castle](https://comikey.com/comics/record-of-the-glass-castle-manga/263/)

These twelve series’ are the first Osamu Tezuka series available on the
Comikey website. You can also catch the manga on the Company’s iOS and Android
mobile app.

Here’s a little bit about each!

  

* * *

##  [“Ludwig B” (ルードウィヒ・B)](https://comikey.com/comics/ludwig-b-manga/273/)

  

The cries of war come soon from France, while a young boy destined for
greatness simply cries in pain from a fateful blow to his head in Bonn,
Germany. Ludwig van Beethoven will grow to become one of the most influential
composers in a few short years, but in his early days, he was just a commoner
trying to survive in a world that had yet to discover his brilliance. At this
age, he wasn’t a renowned composer: he was a young man simply named “Ludwig,”
which inspired hatred and fear in a certain nobleman, Franz Kreuzstein. But
why does Franz have it out for all named “Ludwig,” and how will Beethoven
survive this personal war he is deaf to?

**Publisher:** Digital Manga Publishing  
 **Story and Art by:** Osamu Tezuka

* * *

## [“Swallowing the Earth” (地球を呑む)](https://comikey.com/comics/swallowing-
earth-manga/271/)[]()

Amidst the chaos of World War II, two Japanese soldiers hear of Zephyrus, an
utterly captivating woman rumored to exist on an island in the South Pacific.
The tales of this bold enchantress seducing men to their dooms are both
chilling and fascinating. Over twenty years pass and Zephyrus resurfaces in
Japan, seemingly unchanged, to wield her mysterious power over men once more.
The one man immune to Zephyrus’ charms is a simple drunkard, Gohonmatsu Seki,
son of one of the wartime soldiers. Employed to spy on Zephyrus, what will
Gohonmatsu uncover about her ultimate plot to create international discord and
consume the world of men? What brought this woman to conspire for decades
against patriarchal society—against an entire gender—and can anything be done
to stop her plans?

**Publisher:** Digital Manga Publishing  
 **Story and art by:** Osamu Tezuka

* * *

## [“Under the Air” (空気の底)](https://comikey.com/comics/under-the-air-
manga/264/)[]()

An injured white supremacist struggles with the fact that he was brought back
to life by a black organ donor; a young man in the wild west seeks revenge for
his father’s murder; an escaped convict holds a family hostage in a cave that
causes hallucinations; the only two survivors of a nuclear apocalypse dare to
explore the outside world—Tezuka’s characters are put to the test when the
delicate balance of their minds are disrupted, discovering something dark
hidden deep within themselves. Don’t miss this uncommon, unheard, unusual,
out-of-the-ordinary collection of short stories by the late, great Osamu
Tezuka.

**Publisher:** Digital Manga Publishing  
 **Story and art by:** Osamu Tezuka

* * *

## [“Clockwork Apple” (時計仕掛けのりんご)](https://comikey.com/comics/clockwork-apple-
manga/265/)[]()

Osamu Tezuka unleashes several creepy suspenseful short stories in this
anthology of speculative fiction spanning the years 1968 and 1973.

  1. When a Nazi lieutenant is sentenced to death for war crimes, he expects to escape with his life, but hubris is his downfall.
  2. A female android marries for love but is soon lost, and she must deal with the consequences.
  3. After a married man finds out his city is being experimented on, he tries to save the people while struggling with adulterous thoughts. 
  4. On a dark and lonely road, a cabby picks up a shady man who threatens him, but little does his passenger know the cabby is not as he seems.
  5. An educated man falls in love with an elusive woman who has a life-altering secret. 
  6. American school kids learn the cruelty of war. 
  7. A revolutionary fails his revolution, and 
  8. An interstellar peace conference does not yield the hoped-for results when space hippies defy peace conventions. 

 These eerie stories will leave one wandering the depths of despair and hope
against all odds.

**Publisher:** Digital Manga Publishing  
 **Story and art by:** Osamu Tezuka

* * *

## [“Melody of Iron” (鉄の旋律)](https://comikey.com/comics/melody-of-iron-
manga/268/)[]()

When Dan Takuya’s sister marries into the mob, he is also thrown into the dark
underworld of organized crime. Breaking the family’s code of silence, Dan is
brutally tortured, arms severed, and left for dead as punishment. He somehow
manages to survive, and with the help of an eccentric doctor, he makes his
journey to recovery. But there is a catch! He must tap into his psychic powers
to move his new limbs: metal prosthetic arms. Through the use of mind over
matter, he trains to make use of his new arms and vows revenge on those who
did him wrong. Two short stories are also included.

**Publisher:** Digital Manga Publishing  
 **Story and art by:** Osamu Tezuka

* * *

## [“The Crater” (ザ・クレーター)](https://comikey.com/comics/the-crater-
manga/272/)[]()

Life and death, twists and turns, Tezuka Osamu combines classic heart with the
depth and mystery of The Twilight Zone in this beautiful, startling
collection. The Crater is a series of horror-inspired, self-containing short
stories that show the depravity of mankind in a way only the “god of manga”
can. Tales range from the world of nymphs and interdimensional adventures to
deadly spiders on planes and depictions of apocalyptic futures. While some
stories loosely connect, each story is its own carefully laid experience.
Tezuka will chill readers with dark visages of the world counterpointed with
his amazing art style that has influenced fans for decades.

**Publisher:** Digital Manga Publishing  
 **Story and art by:** Osamu Tezuka

* * *

## [“Brave Dan” (勇者ダン)](https://comikey.com/comics/brave-dan-manga/269/) []()

Hidden within the rural countryside lies the mysterious treasure of the
ancient Ainu people. A few people know of it and hold the keys to unlocking
it, but only Kotan, a child of Ainu descent, is the chosen one who can locate
and inherit the treasure. When Kotan suddenly befriends a man-eating tiger
named Dan, the unexpected pair find themselves tangled up in the most epic and
dangerous treasure hunt of their lives. Their strength is tested as they
battle criminals, murderers, and other unsavory characters who seek the
treasure for themselves—but their friendship is tested when a crow warns Dan
that Kotan will be the one to end his life. Can brave Dan and his best friend
Kotan survive the trials that await them?

**Publisher:** Digital Manga Publishing  
 **Story and art by:** Osamu Tezuka

* * *

## [“Crime and Punishment” (罪與罰)](https://comikey.com/comics/crime-and-
punishment-manga/266/) []()

On the eve of the Russian revolution, a young student named Raskolnikov
murders an old pawnbroker over a pocket watch. Although an innocent man is
quickly arrested for the crime, Raskolnikov's own published essay—suggesting
that people who are "extra-ordinary" are above such things as "right" and
"wrong"—draws the suspicion of judge Porfiry. Who will catch up to Raskolnikov
first? Porfiry...or his own guilty conscience?

**Publisher:** Digital Manga Publishing  
 **Story and art by:** Osamu Tezuka

* * *

## [“Captain Ken” (キャプテン・ケン)](https://comikey.com/comics/captain-ken-
manga/262/) []()

From the creator of Astro Boy and Blackjack comes an epic sci-fi western on
Mars starring Captain Ken and his trusty steed, Arrow. Captain Ken is an
enigma. Not a single person alive knows who he is, why he’s on Mars, or why he
looks just like Miss Kenn Minakami. His presence sparks a revolution—while the
Martians seek to reclaim the lands stolen from them, human townsfolk aim to
rid themselves of the corrupt Mayor Deven. Amidst the whirlwind gunfights and
horseback chases, Captain Ken must go on his greatest adventure yet to save a
woman of great importance in the middle of a Martian revolution.

**Publisher:** Digital Manga Publishing  
 **Story and art by:** Osamu Tezuka

* * *

## [“Alabaster” (アラバスター)](https://comikey.com/comics/alabaster-manga/267/)
[]()

A shocking display of racism ends athletic superstar James Block’s life when
the woman he thought he loved admits she only dated him because of his
celebrity status—she would never marry someone of his race. His rage and
temper lands him in jail where he meets the mysterious “Dr. F,” a man whose
invisibility ray gun killed his daughter and led to the continued diminishing
visibility of his granddaughter, Ami. Once freed from jail, James tracks down
the gun and turns it on himself, but stops right before he’s fatally wounded.
James can no longer be discriminated against due to his skin color for he has
none! He takes the nom de guerre “Alabaster” and his translucent tyranny
begins with two goals: exact his revenge on his ex-girlfriend, and take on the
similarly invisible Ami as his own ward. Written in a dark period of Tezuka’s
life, Alabaster is a thrilling revenge story that touches on the dark side of
humanity and the extent one would go to get even. It shows that not only does
it affect the victims, but how destructive it is to be surrounded by such
animosity. How far will you go for retribution?

**Publisher:** Digital Manga Publishing  
 **Story and art by:** Osamu Tezuka

* * *

## [“Barbara” (ばるぼら)](https://comikey.com/comics/barbara-manga/270/)[]()

Wandering the packed tunnels of Shinjuku Station, famous author Yosuke Mikura
makes a strange discovery: a ragged hippie who can quote French poetry. Her
name is Barbara. He takes her home for a bath and a drink, and before long
Barbara has made herself into Mikura’s shadow, saving him from egotistical
delusions and jealous enemies.

But just as Mikura is no saint, Barbara is no guardian angel, and Mikura grows
obsessed with discovering her secrets—tangling with thugs, sadists, magical
curses, and mythical beings—all the while wondering whether he himself is
still sane.

Written in 1973 and 1974 and inspired by the classic opera Tales of Hoffman by
Jacques Offenbach, Barbara may be Tezuka’s most psychological and unsettling
work, shattering the fine line between art and madness with masterful
precision.

 **Publisher:** Digital Manga Publishing  
 **Story and Art by:** Osamu Tezuka

* * *

## [“Record of the Glass Castle”
(ガラスの城の記録)](https://comikey.com/comics/record-of-the-glass-castle-
manga/263/)[]()

In the Glass Mansion, a family has been frozen in cryosleep for 20 years under
the orders of their patriarch. When the oldest son Ichirou awakes, he
struggles to accept the reality that he has slept away 20 years of his life.
Ichirou plans to exact revenge on those in his family that stole his life from
him. As Shirou—the youngest brother—attempts to stop Ichirou, he becomes aware
of the dangerous side effect of cryosleep that led to its national ban years
ago. How far will Ichirou fall, and will Shirou be able to stop him?

 **Publisher:** Digital Manga Publishing  
 **Story and art by:** Osamu Tezuka

* * *

This means so much to us, as it marks our first partnership with Digital Manga
Publishing. But also, these are true classics from a world-renowned manga
artist, and we feel so lucky that DMP has chosen us to host this classic
manga!

Please check them out, and happy reading!  

__

![Comikey Logo](/static/images/svgs/key-grad.70c725484b46.svg)

© 2021 Comikey Media Inc.

  * [About Us](/about/)
  * [Jobs](https://corp.comikey.com/jobs/)
  * [Privacy Policy](/privacy/)
  * [Terms of Service](/tos/)
  * [FAQ](/faq/)
  * [Feedback](/my/feedback/)

  * [ __](https://www.instagram.com/comikey.media/ "Comikey on Instagram")
  * [ __](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCf-uCm-YVmkw9ucCevzfesA "Comikey on YouTube")
  * [ __](https://discord.gg/F4dRcYhR7Y "Comikey on Discord")
  * [ __](https://twitter.com/Comikeymedia "Comikey on Twitter")
  * [ __](https://www.facebook.com/comikey "Comikey on Facebook")
  * [ __](https://www.tiktok.com/@comikey.media "Comikey on TikTok")

