LearnPracticeDownload

# Perimeter of Quadrilateral

The perimeter of quadrilateral is the total length of its boundary. A
quadrilateral is a four-sided polygon that can be regular or irregular. In a
regular quadrilateral, all the sides are equal in length and all the angles
are of equal measure, whereas, in an irregular quadrilateral, the sides and
angles are not equal. There are 6 specific types of quadrilaterals - Square,
rectangle, parallelogram, rhombus, kite, and trapezoid. Let us learn how to
find the perimeter of quadrilateral in this page.

1. | What is Perimeter of a Quadrilateral?  
---|---  
2. | Perimeter of Quadrilateral Formula  
3. | Perimeter Formulas of Different Types of Quadrilaterals  
4. | Perimeter of Quadrilateral With Inscribed Circle  
5. | FAQs on Perimeter of Quadrilateral  
  
## What is Perimeter of a Quadrilateral?

The perimeter of a
[quadrilateral](https://www.cuemath.com/geometry/quadrilaterals/) is the
length of its boundary, i.e., if we join all the four sides of a quadrilateral
to form a single [line segment,](https://www.cuemath.com/geometry/line-
segment/) the length of the resultant line segment is called its perimeter.
Thus, the unit of the perimeter of a quadrilateral is the same as that of its
side, i.e., it is measured in linear units like meters, inches, centimeters,
etc.

![What Is Perimeter of
Quadrilateral?](https://d138zd1ktt9iqe.cloudfront.net/media/seo_landing_files/quadrilateral-
perimeter-1621938325.png)

## Perimeter of Quadrilateral Formula

We know that the [perimeter](https://www.cuemath.com/measurement/perimeter/)
of a quadrilateral can be obtained by adding all its side lengths. This can be
expressed by a simple formula. For example, the formula for the perimeter of a
quadrilateral ABCD can be expressed as,

Perimeter = AB + BC + CD + DA

![perimeter of quadrilateral
formula](https://d138zd1ktt9iqe.cloudfront.net/media/seo_landing_files/formula-
to-find-the-perimeter-of-quadrilateral-1621938225.png)

## Perimeter Formulas of Different Types of Quadrilaterals

We have already seen that there are 6 specific types of quadrilaterals, which
are, square, [rectangle](https://www.cuemath.com/geometry/rectangle/),
[parallelogram](https://www.cuemath.com/geometry/parallelograms/),
[rhombus](https://www.cuemath.com/geometry/rhombus/), kite, and
[trapezoid](https://www.cuemath.com/geometry/trapezoid/). Though the perimeter
of a quadrilateral is the sum of all its sides, sometimes, all the side
lengths might not have been given. In such cases, we need to recollect the
properties of quadrilaterals with respect to sides, in order to obtain the
side lengths that are not given. For example, if we need to find the perimeter
of a square with only one side length given, we need to recollect one of the
properties of the [square](https://www.cuemath.com/geometry/square/), that all
its side lengths are equal. So, if we assume one side of the square to be x,
its perimeter will be x + x + x + x = 4x. In the same way, we can derive the
perimeter formulas of all of the 6 specific types of quadrilaterals. Observe
the following figure to see the different formulas that are used for
calculating the perimeter of quadrilaterals.

![Perimeter Formulas of Different Types of
Quadrilaterals](https://d138zd1ktt9iqe.cloudfront.net/media/seo_landing_files/formulas-
for-perimeter-of-quadrilaterals-1621938250.png)

## Perimeter of Quadrilateral With Inscribed Circle

Sometimes, a quadrilateral has a
[circle](https://www.cuemath.com/geometry/circles/) inside it. This is termed
as a circumscribed quadrilateral or a quadrilateral with an inscribed circle.
In such cases, we use the property of the
[tangent](https://www.cuemath.com/geometry/tangent/) of a circle which says
"any two tangents drawn to a circle from a point are of equal lengths". We
will see how to find the perimeter of a circumscribed quadrilateral (or) the
perimeter of a quadrilateral with a circle inside it using the example given
below.

**Example:** Find the perimeter of the following quadrilateral.

![Perimeter of Quadrilateral With Inscribed
Circle](https://d138zd1ktt9iqe.cloudfront.net/media/seo_landing_files/perimeter-
of-quadrilateral-with-circle-inside-example-1621938274.png)

**Solution:**

Using the property of tangents - 'Any two tangents drawn to a circle from a
point are of equal lengths', let us find the perimeter of quadrilateral with
an inscribed circle.

PT = PU = 5 inches

QV = QU = 2 inches

RW = RV = 3 inches

ST = SW = 4 inches

Now the perimeter of the quadrilateral is,

PQ + QR + RS + SP

= (PU + UQ) + (QV + VR) + (RW + WS) + (ST + TP)

= (5 + 2) + (2 + 3) + (3 + 4) + (4 + 5)

= 28 inches

Therefore, the perimeter of the given quadrilateral = 28 inches.

**Note:** We can use the same property of tangents of a circle "two tangents
drawn to a circle from a point are of equal lengths" to find the perimeter of
a [cyclic quadrilateral](https://www.cuemath.com/geometry/cyclic-
quadrilaterals/) (a quadrilateral that is inscribed in a circle) as well.



## Solved Examples on Perimeter of Quadrilateral

  1. **Example 1:** Find the perimeter of a kite whose adjacent sides are 7 units and 13 units.

**Solution:**

We know that a kite has two pairs of equal adjacent sides. So, using the
perimeter of quadrilateral formula, we will add the sides of the kite. The
sides of the given kite are 7 units, 7 units, 13 units, and 13 units.

Thus, the perimeter of the given kite is,

7 + 7 + 13 + 13 = 40 units.

**Answer:** The perimeter of the given kite = 40 units.

  2. **Example 2:** Find the perimeter of a trapezoid whose sides are given as 4 units, 6 units, 7 units, and 9 units.

**Solution:**

We know that the perimeter of quadrilateral can be obtained by adding all its
sides. In the case of a trapezoid, the perimeter can be calculated using the
formula, P = a + b + c + d.

Substituting the values in the formula, Perimeter of trapezoid = 4 + 6 + 7 + 9
= 26 units.

**Answer:** The perimeter of the given trapezoid is 26 units.

Show Answer >

go to slidego to slide

![](https://d138zd1ktt9iqe.cloudfront.net/media/seo_landing_files/add-
caucasian-kid-and-caucasian-teacher-grade-4-7-1619248030.png)

Have questions on basic mathematical concepts?

Become a problem-solving champ using logic, not rules. Learn the why behind
math with our Cuemath's certified experts.

[Book a Free Trial Class](https://www.cuemath.com/parent/signup/)

## Practice Questions on Perimeter of Quadrilateral

  1.  

  2.  

Check Answer >



go to slidego to slide

## FAQs on Perimeter of Quadrilateral

### What is Meant by the Perimeter of Quadrilateral?

The perimeter of a quadrilateral is the total length of its boundary. For
example, the perimeter of a quadrilateral ABCD can be expressed as, Perimeter
= AB + BC + CD + DA. This means if all the sides of a quadrilateral are known,
we can get its perimeter by adding all its sides.

### What is the Formula of Perimeter of Quadrilateral?

The basic formula that is used to find the perimeter of a quadrilateral is,
Perimeter = a + b + c + d, where a, b, c, and d are the four sides of the
quadrilateral. Although this formula is used for all quadrilaterals, for some
quadrilaterals like square and rectangle, this formula can be simplified
because in a square, all the sides are equal, so the perimeter formula
becomes, a + a + a + a = 4a. Similarly, in a rectangle, the opposite sides are
equal, so the formula changes to 2(length + width). However, the basic formula
for the perimeter of all quadrilaterals remains the same.

### How to Find the Perimeter of a Quadrilateral With a Missing Side?

The missing side of a quadrilateral can be found by using the properties of
[quadrilaterals](https://www.cuemath.com/geometry/quadrilaterals/). Once all
the missing sides are found, we can find the perimeter of the quadrilateral by
adding all the side lengths. For example, if we know one side of a square, we
can find the other 3 sides because we know that all the sides of a square are
equal. After that, we can find the perimeter.

### How to Find the Perimeter of Quadrilateral With Inscribed Circle?

When a quadrilateral has an inscribed circle, the sides of the quadrilateral
become the tangents to the circle. Therefore, the property of tangents can be
used to find the perimeter of the given quadrilateral. The property of tangent
states that - 'Any two tangents drawn from a point to some points on a circle
are always of equal lengths'. This property helps to find the missing side
lengths of the quadrilateral. Once all the missing sides are found, we can
find the perimeter of the quadrilateral by adding all four sides.

### How to Find the Perimeter of a Quadrilateral With Coordinates?

When the coordinates of a quadrilateral's vertices are given, we first find
its side lengths by using the [distance
formula](https://www.cuemath.com/distance-formula/). Then, we add all the four
sides to find its perimeter.

### How to Find the Perimeter of a Quadrilateral on Graph?

To find the perimeter of a quadrilateral on a graph, we use the following
steps.

  * Step 1: Find the coordinates of the vertices from the graph.
  * Step 2: Apply the distance formula to find the side lengths of the quadrilateral.
  * Step 3: Add all the side lengths and the sum gives the perimeter of the quadrilateral.

### How to Find the Perimeter of Quadrilateral that is Inscribed in a Circle?

When a quadrilateral is inscribed in a circle, it is called a cyclic
quadrilateral. To find the missing sides of a cyclic quadrilateral, we apply
the property of the tangent of a circle that says, 'Any two tangents of a
circle drawn from the same point are of the same lengths'. After finding the
missing sides, we add all the four sides to find the perimeter.

Explore  
math program

Download FREE Study Materials

Quadrilaterals Worksheets

Explore  
math program

Math worksheets and  
visual curriculum

Book a FREE Class

