Skip to content

  * [Start Here](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/start-here/)
  * About

    * [About Pink Peppermint](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/about/)
    * [Work With Me](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/work-with-me/)
    * [Disclosure](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/meet-the-team/disclosure/)
  * [Services](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/services/)
  * [Printables](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/printables/)
  * Shop

    * [Shop My Instagram](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/shop-favorite-instagram-post/)
    * [Shop My Amazon Storefront](https://www.amazon.com/shop/pink_peppermint_design)
    * [Current Fashion Favorites](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/current-fashion-favorites/)
    * [Current Home Favorites](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/current-home-favorites/)

[ __](https://www.facebook.com/pinkpeppermintprints) [
__](https://twitter.com/pinkpeppermintp) [
__](https://www.instagram.com/pink_peppermint_design/) [
__](https://www.pinterest.com/pinkpeppermint/) __

[ ![Logo](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/08/logo.png) ](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com)

__Menu

  * [ Home Decor](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/decorate/)

    * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/drop-image-one.jpg)

    * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/drop-image-two-1.jpg)

    *       * [Home Decor](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/shop/home-decor-decorate-shop/)
      * [Kitchens](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/interior-design/kitchens/)
      * [Dining Rooms](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/interior-design/dining-rooms/)
      * [Bathrooms](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/interior-design/bathrooms/)
      * [Bedrooms](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/interior-design/beautiful-bedrooms/)
    *       * [Living](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/interior-design/living-spaces/)
      * [Party Decor](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/decorate/party-decor/)
      * [Vacation Homes](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/interior-design/vacation-homes/)
      * [Kid's Spaces](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/interior-design/kids-spaces/)
      * [Home Tours](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/interior-design/home-tours/)

  * [Travel](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/)

    * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/drop-image-one.jpg)

    * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/drop-image-two-1.jpg)

    *       * [Europe](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/europe/)
      * [Canada](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/canada/)
      * [United States](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/united-states/)
      * [France](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/europe/france/)
      * [Italy](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/europe/italy/)
      * [Ireland](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/europe/ireland/)
      * [Austria](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/europe/austria/)
    *       * [Amsterdam](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/europe/amsterdam/)
      * [Switzerland](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/europe/switzerland/)
      * [London](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/europe/london/)
      * [Belgium](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/europe/belgium/)
      * [Germany](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/europe/germany/)
      * [Nothern California](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/united-states/visiting-california/nothern-california/)

  * [Entertaining](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/)

    * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/drop-image-one.jpg)

    * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/drop-image-two-1.jpg)

    *       * [Girl's Birthday Parties](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/girls-birthday-parties/)
      * [Celebrations](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/celebrations/)
      * [Weddings & Bridal](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/weddings-bridal/)
    *       * [Baby Showers](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/baby-showers-entertain/)
      * [Boy Birthday Parties](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/boy-birthday-parties/)
      * [Holiday Parties](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/holiday-parties-entertain/)
      * [Party Food](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/party-food-recipes-3-entertain/)

  * [DIY](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/)

    * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/drop-image-one.jpg)

    * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/drop-image-two-1.jpg)

    *       * [At Home](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/at-home/)
      * [Holiday DIY](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/holiday-diy/)
      * [Paper Crafts](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/paper-crafts-diy-gallery/)
      * [Parties DIY](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/parties-diy-gallery/)
      * [Easter Ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/holiday-diy/easter-ideas/)
      * [Halloween Ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/holiday-diy/halloween-ideas/)
      * [Father's Day](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/holiday-diy/fathers-day/)
    *       * [Christmas Ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/holiday-diy/christmas-ideas/)
      * [Valentine's Day Ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/holiday-diy/valentines-day-ideas/)
      * [Mother's Day Ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/holiday-diy/mothers-day-ideas/)
      * [Patriotic Holiday Ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/holiday-diy/patriotic-holiday-ideas/)
      * [Thanksgiving Ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/holiday-diy/thanksgiving-ideas/)

  * [Recipes](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/)

    * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/drop-image-one.jpg)

    * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/drop-image-two-1.jpg)

    *       * [Breakfast](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/breakfast-recipes-3/)
      * [Cookies & Bars](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/cookies-bars/)
      * [Dessert](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/dessert/)
      * [Drinks](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/drinks-recipes-3/)
      * [Party Food](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/party-food-recipes-3/)
      * [Dips and Salsas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/dips-and-salsas/)
    *       * [Appetizers](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/appetizers/)
      * [Breads & Rolls](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/breads-rolls/)
      * [Cakes & Cupcakes](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/cakes-cupcakes/)
      * [Dinner](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/dinner-recipes-3/)
      * [Salads & Sides](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/salads-sides/)
      * [Other](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/other/)

  * [Explore All](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/explore-all/)

    * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/drop-image-one.jpg)

    * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/drop-image-two-1.jpg)

    *       * [Home Decor](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/decorate/home-decor-decorate/)
      * [Travel](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/)
      * [Entertaining](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/)
      * [Shopping Guides](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/shopping-guides/)
      * [Printables](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/free-printables/)
      * [Recipes](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/)
      * [DIY](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/)
      * [Life & Family](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/life-family/)

  *  __
    * Search __ Search

[ ![Logo](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/08/logo.png) ](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com)

![Logo](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/logo.png)

  * __[Home](/)
  * __[Start Here](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/start-here/)
  * __[Blog](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/explore-all/)
    * __[Home Decor](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/decorate/home-decor-decorate/)
      * __[Kitchens](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/interior-design/kitchens/)
      * __[Dining Rooms](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/interior-design/dining-rooms/)
      * __[Bathrooms](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/interior-design/bathrooms/)
      * __[Bedrooms](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/interior-design/beautiful-bedrooms/)
      * __[Living](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/interior-design/living-spaces/)
      * __[Party Decor](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/decorate/party-decor/)
      * __[Vacation Homes](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/interior-design/vacation-homes/)
      * __[Kid's Spaces](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/interior-design/kids-spaces/)
      * __[Home Tours](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/interior-design/home-tours/)
    * __[Travel](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/)
      * __[Europe](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/europe/)
      * __[Canada](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/canada/)
      * __[United States](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/united-states/)
      * __[France](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/europe/france/)
      * __[Italy](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/europe/italy/)
      * __[Ireland](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/europe/ireland/)
      * __[Austria](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/europe/austria/)
      * __[Amsterdam](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/europe/amsterdam/)
      * __[Switzerland](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/europe/switzerland/)
      * __[London](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/europe/london/)
      * __[Belgium](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/europe/belgium/)
      * __[Germany](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/europe/germany/)
      * __[Nothern California](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/united-states/visiting-california/nothern-california/)
    * __[Entertaining](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/)
      * __[Girl's Birthday Parties](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/girls-birthday-parties/)
      * __[Celebrations](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/celebrations/)
      * __[Weddings& Bridal](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/weddings-bridal/)
      * __[Baby Showers](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/baby-showers-entertain/)
      * __[Boy Birthday Parties](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/boy-birthday-parties/)
      * __[Holiday Parties](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/holiday-parties-entertain/)
      * __[Party Food](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/party-food-recipes-3-entertain/)
    * __[Diy](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/)
      * __[At Home](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/at-home/)
      * __[Holiday Printables](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/free-printables/holidays-free-printables-2/)
      * __[Paper Crafts](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/paper-crafts-diy-gallery/)
      * __[Parties DIY](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/parties-diy-gallery/)
      * __[Easter Ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/holiday-diy/easter-ideas/)
      * __[Halloween Ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/holiday-diy/halloween-ideas/)
      * __[Father's Day](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/holiday-diy/fathers-day/)
      * __[Christmas Ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/holiday-diy/christmas-ideas/)
      * __[Valentine's Day Ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/holiday-diy/valentines-day-ideas/)
      * __[Mother's Day Ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/holiday-diy/mothers-day-ideas/)
      * __[Patriotic Holiday Ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/holiday-diy/patriotic-holiday-ideas/)
      * __[Thanksgiving Ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/holiday-diy/thanksgiving-ideas/)
    * __[Recipes](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/)
      * __[Breakfast](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/breakfast-recipes-3/)
      * __[Cookies& Bars](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/cookies-bars/)
      * __[Dessert](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/dessert/)
      * __[Drinks](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/drinks-recipes-3/)
      * __[Party Food](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/party-food-recipes-3/)
      * __[Dips and Salsas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/dips-and-salsas/)
      * __[Appetizers](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/appetizers/)
      * __[Breads& Rolls](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/breads-rolls/)
      * __[Cakes& Cupcakes](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/cakes-cupcakes/)
      * __[Dinner](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/dinner-recipes-3/)
      * __[Salads& Sides](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/salads-sides/)
      * __[Other](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/other/)
    * __[Explore All](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/explore-all/)
      * __[Home Decor](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/decorate/home-decor-decorate/)
      * __[Travel](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/)
      * __[Entertaining](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/)
      * __[Diy](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/)
      * __[Recipes](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/)
  * __About
    * __[About Pink Peppermint](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/about/)
    * __[Disclosure](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/meet-the-team/disclosure/)
  * __[Services](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/services/)
  * __[Printables](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/printables/)
  * __Shop
  * __[Work With Me](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/work-with-me/)

[ __](https://www.facebook.com/pinkpeppermintprints) [
__](https://twitter.com/pinkpeppermintp) [
__](https://www.instagram.com/pink_peppermint_design/) [
__](https://www.pinterest.com/pinkpeppermint/) [ __](/ "RSS")

[ ](javascript:void\(0\))

[Home](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/) »
[Entertain](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/) »
[Celebrations](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/celebrations/)
» Welcome Summer Party with Oh Joy for Target Collection

# Welcome Summer Party with Oh Joy for Target Collection

October 9, 2014June 19, 2014 by
[Tammy](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/author/tammy/ "View all posts by
Tammy")

Share via:

  * __ Facebook
  * __ Twitter
  * __ Pinterest
  * __ More

[![oh joy blog header](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-
content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-blog-
header-1024x585.jpg)](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-
content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-blog-header.jpg)

Hooray for Summer!! I don't know about you, but I would rather have my kids
home all the time and no schedule than them gone all day and have a strict
schedule. (probably why I'm a homeschooler! 😉 ) Maybe I'm funny like that…but
I LOVE the freedom of summer!! 🙂 We've been enjoying summer for a few weeks
already, but all our friends are just celebrating their end of school days
this week and next, so I decided to set up a little welcome summer party! I
had been looking for any excuse to use this adorable "Oh Joy for Target"
summer line, and this was just the perfect reason. 🙂  
Here are a few of the details…

We had picnic food (sandwiches, chips and cookies) in these adorable plastic
picnic trays. I wrapped the sandwiches in white deli wrap that you can at
Smart and Final, and added a few strips of washi tape to dress them up. 🙂

[![oh joy target style summer picnic party summer party ideas cute preppy
party](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-
target-style-summer-picnic-party-summer-party-ideas-cute-preppy-
party-1024x681.jpg)](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-
content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-target-style-summer-picnic-party-summer-party-
ideas-cute-preppy-party.jpg)

[![oh joy summer target style baskets cute ideas for
lunch](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-
summer-target-style-baskets-cute-ideas-for-
lunch-681x1024.jpg)](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-
content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-summer-target-style-baskets-cute-ideas-for-
lunch.jpg)

[![oh joy summer line target style cute girl party birthday party
ideas](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-
summer-line-target-style-cute-girl-party-birthday-party-
ideas-682x1024.jpg)](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-
content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-summer-line-target-style-cute-girl-party-
birthday-party-ideas.jpg)

Fruit salad is colorful on it's own, but in these cute paper ice cream cups it
looked even more fun! I wanted to glam up the silverware just a bit, so I hit
the handles of it with a little bit of gold spray paint.

[![oh joy summer line target style party styling summer party ideas kids party
ideas dinner party ideas](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-
content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-summer-line-target-style-party-styling-summer-
party-ideas-kids-party-ideas-dinner-party-
ideas-1024x681.jpg)](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-
content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-summer-line-target-style-party-styling-summer-
party-ideas-kids-party-ideas-dinner-party-ideas.jpg)

The super bright cups with gold rims were perfect for cold French Sodas from
World Market and I topped them with a simple pineapple star. This cute and
super easy touch takes the drinks up a notch and really makes them fit for a
party.

[![oh joy summer party shoot summer dinner party ideas birthday party ideas
joy cho](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/oh-
joy-summer-party-shoot-summer-dinner-party-ideas-birthday-party-ideas-joy-
cho-1024x681.jpg)](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-
content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-summer-party-shoot-summer-dinner-party-ideas-
birthday-party-ideas-joy-cho.jpg)

Hot pink flowers, gorgeous green pitcher, and hot pink frame from HomeGoods
with our very own Hello Summer print inside were the perfect additions to the
adorable fruit print tray from Oh Joy.

[![oh joy summer shoot colorful party rainbow party summer
party](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-
summer-shoot-colorful-party-rainbow-party-summer-
party-681x1024.jpg)](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-
content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-summer-shoot-colorful-party-rainbow-party-
summer-party.jpg)

I enlisted the help of my local grocery store bakery to whip up this cute
polka dot cake. I ordered a simple white cake with white buttercream frosting
and then added candy melt polka dots in colors to match the party.

[![oh joy target style summer party cute fun end of school year
party](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-
target-style-summer-party-cute-fun-end-of-school-year-
party-1024x681.jpg)](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-
content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-target-style-summer-party-cute-fun-end-of-
school-year-party.jpg)

[ ](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-
target-style-summer-picnic-party-summer-party-ideas-cute-preppy-party.jpg)

[![oh joy target style target fruit summer party pink
teal](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-
target-style-target-fruit-summer-party-pink-
teal-1024x681.jpg)](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-
content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-target-style-target-fruit-summer-party-pink-
teal.jpg)

[![oh joy girls](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-
content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-
girls-1024x1024.jpg)](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-
content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-girls.jpg)

[![oh joy bags made from liners](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-
content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-bags-made-from-
liners-1024x1024.jpg)](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-
content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-bags-made-from-liners.jpg)

You know the favors are my favorite part! 🙂 I wanted to show you all a clever
way to use these adorable products, so [I turned the cute plastic tray liners
into favor bags! (find the tutorial
here)](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/2014/07/17/diy-favor-bags-from-oh-joy-
tray-liners-or-other-cute-papers/) I followed a simple pattern that I made and
cut them up to make bags. I wanted to work with the fruit theme and found some
cute fruit candy that I could fill the bags with. The girls loved it!

[![cute oh joy liners made into favor bags tutorial cute ideas and handmade
DIY party ideas summer party](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-
content/uploads/2014/06/cute-oh-joy-liners-made-into-favor-bags-tutorial-cute-
ideas-and-handmade-DIY-party-ideas-summer-
party-1024x1024.jpg)](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/pink/wp-
content/uploads/2014/06/cute-oh-joy-liners-made-into-favor-bags-tutorial-cute-
ideas-and-handmade-DIY-party-ideas-summer-party.jpg)

I hope that you are feeling excited to host a little summer party! 🙂

Here's a list of the vendors I used to make this possible. 🙂

Oh Joy Party Supplies (cups, tray, pitcher, baskets, cutlery, ice cream cups,
paper tray liners): TARGET

Straws: [Pink Peppermint Prints Party
Shop](http://pinkpeppermintprints.com/shop/)

Frame: HomeGoods

French Sodas: World Market

Have a great day!  
tammy



### Related Posts

  * [Welcome Summer Party Buckets](https://lizoncall.com/welcome-summer-party-buckets/)
  * [DIY Summer Target Practice](https://www.designdazzle.com/diy-summer-target-practice/)
  * [Weekend Recap : Welcome Summer](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/weekend-recap-welcome-summer/)
  * [Arts and Crafts Parties: Summer Craft Camp](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/arts-and-crafts-parties-summer-craft-camp-2013/)
  * [Tips for Styling A Summer Front Porch + Summer Welcome Free Printable](https://www.designdazzle.com/tips-for-styling-a-summer-front-porch/)
  * [Summer Party Ideas!](https://michellespartyplanit.com/2015/07/summer-party-ideas/)
  * [Summer Party Ideas : 5 Tips for Easy Summer Entertaining](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/summer-party-ideas/)
  * [10 Fabulous Summer Party Ideas](https://www.designdazzle.com/9-fabulous-summer-party-ideas/)
  * [GIRL PARTIES: Vintage Sewing Party by Pure Joy Events](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/girl-parties-vintage-sewing-party-by-pure-joy-events/)
  * [DIY Favor Bags from Oh Joy! Tray Liners (or other cute papers) Free Template](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/diy-favor-bags-from-oh-joy-tray-liners-or-other-cute-papers/)
  * [HOLIDAY PARTIES: The Easter Egg Hunt Party and new Easter Printable Party Collection](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/holiday-parties-the-easter-egg-hunt-party-and-new-easter-printable-party-collection/)
  * [GIRL PARTIES: PIRATE PARTIES: The Pink and Black Ahoy Matey Pirate Girl Printable Party Collection](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/girl-parties-pirate-parties-the-pink-and-black-ahoy-matey-pirate-girl-printable-party-collection/)

Article Rating:

_No rating_

Rate this Article

##### Author Bio

##### Article Info

##### Popular Posts

[ ![Tammy](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/new-
headshot-closer-up-192x192.jpg)
](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/author/tammy/)

#### Tammy

##### Owner at Pink Peppermint Design

Tammy Mitchell is the founder and creative director of lifestyle blog
pinkpeppermintdesign.com. Along with being a homeschooling mom of two kiddos,
she is also an in-demand prop and event stylist, photographer, interior and
graphic designer. Here on Pink Peppermint Design, she aims to share creative
DIY projects, easy entertaining and gift ideas, inspiring interiors and
events, as well as her life, with thousands of readers every month. She lives
in Southern California, with her husband and two children.

  * [ __](https://www.facebook.com/pinkpeppermintprints)
  * [ __](https://twitter.com/pinkpeppermintp)
  * [ __](https://www.pinterest.com/pinkpeppermint/)
  * [ __](https://www.instagram.com/pink_peppermint_design/)

Power Bio Box by [HOI](https://houseofideas.co/plugins/power-bio-box/)

[ ](javascript:void\(0\))

You are here: [Home](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com)
[Entertain](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/) [Girl's
Birthday Parties](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/girls-
birthday-parties/) Welcome Summer Party with Oh Joy for Target Collection

Title:

Welcome Summer Party with Oh Joy for Target Collection

Authors:

  * [Tammy](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/author/tammy/)

Categories:

  * [Celebrations](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/celebrations/)
  * [Entertain](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/)
  * [Girl's Birthday Parties](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/girls-birthday-parties/)

Mentions:

beach parties, birthday parties, birthday party ideas, DIY blog, DIY crafts,
DIY ideas, DIY parties, kara's party ideas, kids party ideas, neon parties, oh
joy for target, party idea websites, party ideas, party styling, pool parties,
summer party, Target Style, teen parties

Keywords:

Not Specified

Last Updated:

October 9, 2014

  * [No Chill Sour Cream Sugar Cookie Cut Out Recipe](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/sour-cream-sugar-cookie-cut-out/)
  * [Family Friendly New Year's Eve Party : New Year's Eve Brunch Party](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/family-friendly-new-years-eve-party-new-years-eve-brunch-party/)
  * [Awesome Spooky Halloween Party Food Idea - Sweets Charcuterie](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/spooky-halloween-party-food/)
  * [Pirate Party Ideas : Trick ARRR Treat Pirate Halloween Party](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/pirate-party-ideas/)
  * [17 Awesome Winter Party Ideas: Ski Party Themes](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/17-awesome-winter-party-ideas-ski-party-themes/)
  * [Frozen Birthday Party Decorations : Frozen Party Ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/frozen-birthday-party-decorations/)
  * [Colorful Halloween Party Candy Buffet Ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/halloween-candy-buffet-ideas/)
  * [Spooky Hospital Themed Party for Halloween](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/hospital-themed-party-for-halloween/)
  * [Mickey Mouse Party Ideas for One Year Old](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/mickey-mouse-party-ideas-for-one-year-old/)
  * [Mermaid Party Ideas : Mermaid Pool Party](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/mermaid-birthday-pool-party-ideas-diy/)
  * [Galentine's Valentine's Day Brunch Party](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/galentines-valentines-day-brunch-party/)
  * [Christmas Party Ideas : Girls Night In](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/christmas-party-ideas-girls-night/)
  * [DIY: How to Make Chocolate Dipped Oreos : A Lucky Treat for St. Patrick's Day](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/chocolate-dipped-oreos-a-lucky-treat-for-st-patricks-day/)
  * [Are you Ready for Some Football? Tailgate themed Football Party Ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/are-you-ready-for-some-football-tailgate-themed-football-party-ideas/)
  * [Birthday Party Ideas : The Patisserie Party with Society Sweets](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/birthday-parties-the-patisserie-party-with-society-sweets/)
  * [The Ultimate Beach Party: Disney Teen Beach Movie Party](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/disney-teen-movie-beach-party/)

![Oh joy summer shoot colorful party rainbow party summer party
681x10241](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/oh-joy-
summer-shoot-colorful-party-rainbow-party-summer-party-681x10241.jpg)

Share via:

  * __ Facebook
  * __ Twitter
  * __ Pinterest
  * __ More

Categories
[Celebrations](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/celebrations/),
[Entertain](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/), [Girl's
Birthday Parties](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/girls-
birthday-parties/) Tags [beach
parties](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/tag/beach-parties/), [birthday
parties](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/tag/birthday-parties/), [birthday
party ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/tag/birthday-party-ideas/), [DIY
blog](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/tag/diy-blog/), [DIY
crafts](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/tag/diy-crafts/), [DIY
ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/tag/diy-ideas/), [DIY
parties](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/tag/diy-parties/), [kara's party
ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/tag/karas-party-ideas/), [kids party
ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/tag/kids-party-ideas/), [neon
parties](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/tag/neon-parties/), [oh joy for
target](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/tag/oh-joy-for-target/), [party idea
websites](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/tag/party-idea-websites/), [party
ideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/tag/party-ideas/), [party
styling](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/tag/party-styling/), [pool
parties](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/tag/pool-parties/), [summer
party](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/tag/summer-party/), [Target
Style](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/tag/target-style/), [teen
parties](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/tag/teen-parties/) Post navigation

[Introducing the New Pink Peppermint Monthly Paper
Pack](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/introducing-the-new-pink-peppermint-
paper-pack-monthly-subscription/)

[Ginger Sesame Chicken and Rice](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/make-it-in-
minutes-ginger-sesame-chicken-and-rice/)

### Leave a Comment [Cancel reply](/welcome-summer-party-with-oh-joy-for-
target-collection/#respond)

Comment

Name Email Website

![Show more posts](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/wp-
content/plugins/commentluv/images/down-arrow.png)

Δ

![](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/new-headshot-
closer-up.jpg)

#### Welcome to Pink Peppermint Design!

Hi! I'm Tammy! I'm a mom of two, designer, travel addict and shopaholic. :)
Thanks so much for visiting. This little website of mine started as a hobby
more than 15 years ago when I was in the thick of raising two tiny kiddos, and
has now grown into a community of fun, supportive women. I am so glad you are
here!

[Read More](https://www.pinkpeppermintdesign.com/about)

  * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pinkpeppermintprints)
  * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/pinkpeppermintp)
  * [Pinterest](https://www.pinterest.com/pinkpeppermint/)
  * [Instagram](https://instagram.com/pink_peppermint_design)
  * [RSS Feed](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/feed)

Search for:

## Join the Fun

Subscribe to the newsletter to gain access to the free printable library and
stay up to date with all things Pink Peppermint Design!

  * First Name

  * Email Address

Δ

![print](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/09/print.jpeg)

Check out our

#### Printable Library

[View Printables](/printables)

[ Good florals just make everything better. These ar ![Good florals just make
everything better. These arrangements by @poseypop for our
@betterhomesandgardens Halloween dinner party shoot a few years ago will
always be some of my favorites!

 #LTKHoliday #ltkhome #ltk #LTKsalealert #LTKSeasonal #currentdesignsituation
#bhgstylemaker #makehomeyours #mydomaine #hgtvhome #bhghome #diningroom
#smmakelifebeautiful #smploves #interiordesign #showmeyourstyled #smpliving
#pinkpeppermintdesign  #eventplanning #dinnerparty
#halloween](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/wp-content/plugins/instagram-
feed/img/placeholder.png) ](https://www.instagram.com/p/Ci8vQ6hsXSv/)

[ Dare I say the holidays are upon us? With just 93  ![Dare I say the holidays
are upon us? With just 93 days until Christmas, Halloween and Thanksgiving are
going to be here before we know it. This table is made for Thanksgiving. Love
those black chairs paired with the wood table.

Design: @pink_peppermint_design and @lindsay_hill_interiors

Click the link in my profile to shop this room. Come follow along and shop
with me in the LTK app! :\)

 #LTKHoliday #ltkhome #ltk #LTKsalealert #LTKSeasonal #howwedwell
#currentdesignsituation #bhgstylemaker #makehomeyours #mydomaine
#thedecorsocial #interiors123 #hgtvhome #bhghome #diningroom
#smmakelifebeautiful #smploves #interiordesign #homedecor #showmeyourstyled
#smpliving #pinkpeppermintdesign #homeremodel #homerenovations
#currenthomeview #homeinterior #interiordecor #ckstyleaccordingly
#lightandbright](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/wp-
content/plugins/instagram-feed/img/placeholder.png)
](https://www.instagram.com/p/Ci3mJhmMbp4/)

[ I went to the grocery store yesterday to pick up a ![I went to the grocery
store yesterday to pick up a few things and it is never as good idea to go
hungry. lol! I must have the urge to bake because once I went to check out the
cashier made a comment about me owning a bakery. Apparently I had enough
baking stuff in my cart to look suspicious. ;\) This is a hard working little
corner of the OC Ranch Reno kitchen.

 #homestyle #lightandbright #interiordecor #wearevivir #kitchenrenovation
#kitchendesign #kitchen #kitchendecor #homeinterior #houseremodel
#currenthomeview #homerenovations #interiordecorating #homeremodel
#pinkpeppermintdesign #smpliving #showmeyourstyled #homedecor
#smmakelifebeautiful #smploves #bhghome #hgtvhome #interiors123 #mynesthome
#mydomaine #makehomeyours #bhgstylemaker
#howwedwell](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/wp-content/plugins/instagram-
feed/img/placeholder.png) ](https://www.instagram.com/p/Ci6K27wM5wm/)

[ Crisp navy and white is always a winning combinati ![Crisp navy and white is
always a winning combination! Love it in this kid's bathroom at the
#1987fixerupper

Paint Colors: SW High Reflective White & SW Salty Dog

Shop this bathroom here:

http://liketk.it/2F4BN

or click the link in my profile. Come follow along and shop with me on the LTK
app. :\)

#LTKsalealert #ltk #ltkhome #LTKSeasonal #howwedwell #theeverygirl
#currentdesignsituation #bhgstylemaker #mydomaine #interiors123 #hgtvhome
#designsponge #smmakelifebeautiful #interiordesign #homedecor
#showmeyourstyled #smpliving #pinkpeppermintdesign #homeremodel
#interiordecorating #homerenovations #currenthomeview #houseremodel #rshome
#wearevivir #interiordecor #lightandbright #homeinterior
#smploves](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/wp-content/plugins/instagram-
feed/img/placeholder.png) ](https://www.instagram.com/p/Cf5C2DaM-zL/)

[ Tomorrow is the first official day of fall! I'm ex ![Tomorrow is the first
official day of fall! I'm excited I can finally break out the Halloween decor
without feeling guilty. ;\) Are you a big Halloween fan? Do you decorate?

#halloween #halloweendecor #halloweendecorideas #pinkpeppermintdesign
#fallhome #falldecor #fall2022](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/wp-
content/plugins/instagram-feed/img/placeholder.png)
](https://www.instagram.com/p/CiyjJSNtktX/)

[ Sam might be my favorite accessory in the living r ![Sam might be my
favorite accessory in the living room at the #OCRanchReno ;\)

Shop this living room here:

http://liketk.it/3iS0T

or click the link in my profile. Come follow along and shop with me in the LTK
app! :\)

#ltkhome #ltk #LTKSeasonal #howwedwell #makehomeyours #mydomaine
#thedecorsocial #mynesthome #designsponge #bhghome #smmakelifebeautiful
#homewithrue #smploves #interiordesign #homedecor #showmeyourstyled #smpliving
#pinkpeppermintdesign #homeremodel #beforeandafter #interiordecorating
#homerenovations #currenthomeview #houseremodel #homeinterior #rshome
#wearevivir #ckstyleaccordingly
#livingroomideas](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/wp-
content/plugins/instagram-feed/img/placeholder.png)
](https://www.instagram.com/p/Cf-MajysI1X/)

###### About

Tammy Mitchell is the founder and creative director of lifestyle blog
[pinkpeppermintdesign.com](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/). Along with
being a homeschooling mom of two kiddos, she is also an in-demand prop and
event stylist, photographer, interior and graphic designer. [**Read more
>**](/about)

###### The Blog

  * [Decorate](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/decorate/home-decor-decorate/)
  * [DIY](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/diy/)
  * [Recipes](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/recipes-3/)
  * [Entertain](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/entertain/)
  * [Travel](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/category/travel/)

###### Information

  * [Start Here](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/start-here/)
  * [Services](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/services/)
  * [Printables](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/printables/)
  * [Work With Me](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/work-with-me/)

###### Join The Fun

Subscribe to the newsletter to gain access to the free printable library and
stay up to date with all things Pink Peppermint Design!

!

!

Go

Something went wrong. Please check your entries and try again.

[ __](https://www.facebook.com/pinkpeppermintprints) [
__](https://twitter.com/pinkpeppermintp) [
__](https://www.instagram.com/pink_peppermint_design/) [
__](https://www.pinterest.com/pinkpeppermint/)

Copyright 2021 Pink Peppermint Design | [Privacy
Policy](https://pinkpeppermintdesign.com/meet-the-team/privacy-policy/) |
Design by [Mara](https://maradesignco.com/)

Share via __

__ Facebook

__ Twitter

__ LinkedIn

__ Mix

__ Pinterest

__ Tumblr

__ Skype

__ Buffer

__ Pocket

__ VKontakte

__ Xing

__ Reddit

__ Flipboard

__ MySpace

__ Delicious

__ Amazon

__ Digg

__ Evernote

__ Blogger

__ LiveJournal

__ Baidu

__ NewsVine

__ Yummly

__ Yahoo

__ WhatsApp

__ Viber

__ SMS

__ Telegram

__ Facebook Messenger

__ Like

__ Email

__ Print

__ Copy Link

Powered by [__Social
Snap](https://socialsnap.com/?utm_source=WordPress&utm_medium=link&utm_campaign=inthewild)

Copy link __

CopyCopied __

Powered by [__Social
Snap](https://socialsnap.com/?utm_source=WordPress&utm_medium=link&utm_campaign=inthewild)

