__**Open** Mon - Fri 09:00-17:00

[ __](https://www.facebook.com/BlueSquareManagement/ "facebook")[
__](https://www.google.com/maps?cid=14601470471782996433 "google-plus")[
__](https://uk.linkedin.com/in/paulbirkett1944 "linkedin")[
__](https://www.pinterest.com/bluesquareseo/ "pinterest")[
__](https://twitter.com/BlueSquareSEO "twitter")[
__](https://vimeo.com/bluesquaremanagement "vimeo")[
__](https://www.instagram.com/bluesquareseo/ "instagram")

 __**Email** [[email protected]](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection) __**Call Now!**
+44(0)1689 602 248

[ ![Digital Marketing Agency London Kent Blue Square
Management](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/06/Digital-Marketing-Agency-London-Kent-Blue-Square-
Management-500x125-1.jpg) ](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/)

__

__

__

  * [Home](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com)
  * [About](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/marketing-agency/)
    * [SEO & Digital Marketing Consultant](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/marketing-consultant/)
    * [Testimonials](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/reviews/)
    * [Areas We Serve](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/areas/)
    * [FREE Digital Marketing Magazine](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/free-magazine/)
    * [Newsletter](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/newsletter/)
  * [Services](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/internet-marketing-service/)
    * [Web Design](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/website-designer/)
    * [SEO](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/seo/)
      * [What is SEO](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/what-is-seo/)
      * [Small Business SEO](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/small-business-seo/)
      * [Local SEO Services](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/local-seo/)
    * [Reputation Marketing](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/online-reputation-management/)
      * [Why You Need Reputation Marketing](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/why-you-need-reputation-marketing/)
      * [Reputation Management Software](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/reputation-management-software/)
    * [Video Production Service](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/)
      * [Animation](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/animated-business-videos/)
      * [Event Videos](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/event-video-production/)
      * [Talking Head](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/talking-head-videos/)
      * [Promotional Video](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/promotional-video/)
      * [Corporate Video](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/corporate-video/)
      * [Testimonial Video](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/testimonial-videos/)
      * [Explainer Video](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/explainer-video-production/)
      * [Case Study Videos](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/case-study-videos/)
      * [Training Video Production](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/training-videos/)
      * [Product Demo Videos](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/product-demo-videos/)
      * [YouTube Video Production](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/youtube-videos/)
      * [Social Video Marketing](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/social-video-marketing/)
    * [Video Marketing Services](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/online-video-marketing/)
      * [YouTube For Business](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/youtube-for-business/)
    * [Social Media Marketing](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/social-media-marketing/)
      * [What is Social Media](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/what-is-social-media/)
      * [Facebook Marketing For Business](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/facebook-for-business/)
      * [Twitter Marketing For Business](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/twitter-for-business/)
      * [LinkedIn Marketing For Business](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/linkedin-for-business/)
      * [Pinterest Marketing For Business](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/pinterest-for-business/)
    * [Search Engine Marketing Services](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/search-engine-marketing/)
      * [Pay Per Click Ads Management](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/ppc-management-service/)
    * [Commercial Photographer](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/commercial-photographer/)
  * [Marketing & SEO Blog](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/blog/)
  * [Podcasts](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/digital-marketing-podcasts/)
  * [Contact](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/contact/)
    * [Prospective Client Intake Form](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/prospective-client-intake-form/)

__**Open** Mon - Fri 09:00-17:00

[ __](https://www.facebook.com/BlueSquareManagement/ "facebook")[
__](https://www.google.com/maps?cid=14601470471782996433 "google-plus")[
__](https://uk.linkedin.com/in/paulbirkett1944 "linkedin")[
__](https://www.pinterest.com/bluesquareseo/ "pinterest")[
__](https://twitter.com/BlueSquareSEO "twitter")[
__](https://vimeo.com/bluesquaremanagement "vimeo")[
__](https://www.instagram.com/bluesquareseo/ "instagram")

 __**Email** [[email protected]](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection) __**Call Now!**
+44(0)1689 602 248

[ ![Digital Marketing Agency London Kent Blue Square
Management](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/06/Digital-Marketing-Agency-London-Kent-Blue-Square-
Management-500x125-1.jpg) ](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/)

  * [Home](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com)
  * [About](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/marketing-agency/)
    * [SEO & Digital Marketing Consultant](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/marketing-consultant/)
    * [Testimonials](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/reviews/)
    * [Areas We Serve](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/areas/)
    * [FREE Digital Marketing Magazine](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/free-magazine/)
    * [Newsletter](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/newsletter/)
  * [Services](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/internet-marketing-service/)
    * [Web Design](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/website-designer/)
    * [SEO](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/seo/)
      * [What is SEO](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/what-is-seo/)
      * [Small Business SEO](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/small-business-seo/)
      * [Local SEO Services](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/local-seo/)
    * [Reputation Marketing](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/online-reputation-management/)
      * [Why You Need Reputation Marketing](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/why-you-need-reputation-marketing/)
      * [Reputation Management Software](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/reputation-management-software/)
    * [Video Production Service](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/)
      * [Animation](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/animated-business-videos/)
      * [Event Videos](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/event-video-production/)
      * [Talking Head](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/talking-head-videos/)
      * [Promotional Video](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/promotional-video/)
      * [Corporate Video](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/corporate-video/)
      * [Testimonial Video](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/testimonial-videos/)
      * [Explainer Video](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/explainer-video-production/)
      * [Case Study Videos](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/case-study-videos/)
      * [Training Video Production](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/training-videos/)
      * [Product Demo Videos](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/product-demo-videos/)
      * [YouTube Video Production](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/youtube-videos/)
      * [Social Video Marketing](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/social-video-marketing/)
    * [Video Marketing Services](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/online-video-marketing/)
      * [YouTube For Business](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/youtube-for-business/)
    * [Social Media Marketing](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/social-media-marketing/)
      * [What is Social Media](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/what-is-social-media/)
      * [Facebook Marketing For Business](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/facebook-for-business/)
      * [Twitter Marketing For Business](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/twitter-for-business/)
      * [LinkedIn Marketing For Business](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/linkedin-for-business/)
      * [Pinterest Marketing For Business](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/pinterest-for-business/)
    * [Search Engine Marketing Services](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/search-engine-marketing/)
      * [Pay Per Click Ads Management](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/ppc-management-service/)
    * [Commercial Photographer](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/commercial-photographer/)
  * [Marketing & SEO Blog](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/blog/)
  * [Podcasts](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/digital-marketing-podcasts/)
  * [Contact](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/contact/)
    * [Prospective Client Intake Form](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/prospective-client-intake-form/)

__

__

__

[Get a quote](/free-quote/)

  * [Home](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com)
  * [About](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/marketing-agency/)
    * [SEO & Digital Marketing Consultant](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/marketing-consultant/)
    * [Testimonials](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/reviews/)
    * [Areas We Serve](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/areas/)
    * [FREE Digital Marketing Magazine](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/free-magazine/)
    * [Newsletter](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/newsletter/)
  * [Services](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/internet-marketing-service/)
    * [Web Design](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/website-designer/)
    * [SEO](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/seo/)
      * [What is SEO](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/what-is-seo/)
      * [Small Business SEO](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/small-business-seo/)
      * [Local SEO Services](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/local-seo/)
    * [Reputation Marketing](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/online-reputation-management/)
      * [Why You Need Reputation Marketing](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/why-you-need-reputation-marketing/)
      * [Reputation Management Software](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/reputation-management-software/)
    * [Video Production Service](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/)
      * [Animation](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/animated-business-videos/)
      * [Event Videos](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/event-video-production/)
      * [Talking Head](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/talking-head-videos/)
      * [Promotional Video](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/promotional-video/)
      * [Corporate Video](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/corporate-video/)
      * [Testimonial Video](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/testimonial-videos/)
      * [Explainer Video](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/explainer-video-production/)
      * [Case Study Videos](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/case-study-videos/)
      * [Training Video Production](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/training-videos/)
      * [Product Demo Videos](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/product-demo-videos/)
      * [YouTube Video Production](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/youtube-videos/)
      * [Social Video Marketing](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/video-production-service/social-video-marketing/)
    * [Video Marketing Services](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/online-video-marketing/)
      * [YouTube For Business](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/youtube-for-business/)
    * [Social Media Marketing](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/social-media-marketing/)
      * [What is Social Media](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/what-is-social-media/)
      * [Facebook Marketing For Business](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/facebook-for-business/)
      * [Twitter Marketing For Business](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/twitter-for-business/)
      * [LinkedIn Marketing For Business](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/linkedin-for-business/)
      * [Pinterest Marketing For Business](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/pinterest-for-business/)
    * [Search Engine Marketing Services](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/search-engine-marketing/)
      * [Pay Per Click Ads Management](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/ppc-management-service/)
    * [Commercial Photographer](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/commercial-photographer/)
  * [Marketing & SEO Blog](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/blog/)
  * [Podcasts](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/digital-marketing-podcasts/)
  * [Contact](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/contact/)
    * [Prospective Client Intake Form](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/prospective-client-intake-form/)

# Digital Marketing For Chiropractors

## Affordable Digital Marketing Services For Chiropractors

### Chiropractic Marketing : How To Get New Chiropractic Patients

**Is your chiropractic clinic not generating as many new patients as you
need?**

**Are you spending a ton of time & money on advertising with little to show
for it?**

No matter how hard you try, you just can't manage to effectively spread the
word about your chiropractic practice!

That’s why you need our help.

We specialise in helping Chiropractors, like you, increase your revenue and
drive more new patients to your practice using SEO and online marketing.

By clicking "Submit" I consent to Blue Square Management using my personal
details in accordance with the [privacy policy](/privacy-policy/) for the
purpose of answering this request

### We can help improve your Online presence

...and that will help you get more chiropractic leads!

[Get a Quote](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/contact/)

## Our Chirpractic Marketing Services Include:

![Local Chiropractor SEO by Blue Square
Management](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/10/Local-Chiropractor-SEO-Blue-Square-Management.png)

### Local SEO For Chiropractors

If someone needs a chiropractor urgently they haven't got time to search
through pages of Google and they want someone who help them quickly - someone
local. Chances are they'll pick one of the top sites on the first page. Our
expertise local SEO can help get your site there.

![Web Design Chiropractors by Blue Square
Management](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/10/Web-Design-Chiropractors-Blue-Square-Management.png)

### Web Design For Chiropractors

Your website needs to reflect the type of business you are. Professional,
reliable, organised. If your website doesn't do that then you could be missing
out on those valuable new customers. Our websites for chiropractors like yours
are easy to look after and achieve good positions in the search engines.

![Google Adwords For Chiropractors by Blue Square
Management](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/10/Google-Adwords-For-Chiropractors-Blue-Square-
Management.png)

### AdWords For Chiropractors

Pay Per Click Campaigns for chiropractors needn't be expensive but they need
to be done right. They can provide an almost immediate result bringing in lots
of leads. You then need to convert them to patients. When combined with a
local SEO Marketing strategy you will definitely grow your business.

![Online Reputation Management For Chiropractors by Blue Square
Management](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/10/Reputation-Management-For-Chiropractors.png)

### Reputation For Chiropractors

When someone is looking for a new chiropractor they will take the time to read
online reviews about you. But when you're busy, managing those reviews can be
difficult and time consuming. Our reputation software helps you manage that in
a much simpler way - ensuring your positive reviews are shared across the
internet.

![Video Marketing For Chiropractors by Blue Square
Management](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/10/Video-Marketing-For-Chiropractors-Blue-Square-
Management.png)

### Video Marketing For Chiropractors

YouTube is one of the biggest search engines - so if you don't have a presence
there you will be missing out on business. A video marketing campaign helps
patients get to know you and can help show off your expertise and knowledge.
As well as showing how you can help solve their pain!

## Marketing For Chiropractors : Getting You New More Patients

Not only do we offer SEO services , but we also provide other marketing
services for chiropractors. By improving your ranking and presence in the
search engines, such as Google and Bing, you will be found by new patients
that are looking for you chiropractic skills.

We will design a marketing strategy to help promote your business. All of the
above marketing services have one aim, and that is to get your business in
front of potential patients when they need a chiropractor most. When they are
suffering from back and neck pain!

### 88% of consumers, searching for a local business using mobile device end
up calling or visiting the business

71% of customers look to confirm the address before visiting a new store using
their smartphones

[Contact Us To Learn More](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/contact/)

## SEO for Chiropractors

Be Found When Someone in Pain Needs a Chiropractor

Just because your chiropractic clinic has a website, doesn't mean people will
find you when they need your services most! Usually when they are suffering
from neck or back pain or such like. Your website needs to be in front of them
when they search for " _local chiropractor near me_ " or " _how to relieve
back pain_ " and it has to be on Page 1 of the search engines, such as Google
and Bing. To do this, your website needs to be "optimised" for such terms and
many more in order to appear in front or potential new patients. We can help
you with this with our chirpractic [Search Engine Optimisation
services](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/seo/).

## Website Design for Chiropractors

Mobile Friendly Web Design For Chiropractic Companies

Our [web design service](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/website-
designer/) for chiropractors covers all budgets. From simple template-based
websites to bespoke web designs. All web sites are based on easy to use
WordPress, a content management system, that is fully responsive in design and
mobile friendly.

They have a built in blog allowing you to tell your patients what you are
doing, promote your services, offer hints and tips and mention any new
industry news. We specialise in chiropractic web design, helping to get your
message and services to your patients that are in pain.

### We can help get you MORE patients

...and that will help you grow your business!

[Get a Quote](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/contact/)

![Online Reputation Management for
Chiropractors](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/wp-
content/uploads/2017/12/Online-Reputation-Management-For-Chiropractors-UK.jpg)

## Online Reputation Management & Marketing For Chiropractors

Start Building Your 5 Star Reputation Today

### Online Reputation Management for Chiropractors

Let me ask you a question:

If you were suffering from chronic back or neck pain, and were searching for a
chiropractor in your local area and 3 competing chiropractor showed up in the
search engine results. One with a _2 star review_ , one with a number of _5
star reviews_ and one with _no stars and no reviews._ Who are you most likely
going to contact first?

Probably like most people, the chiropractor with 5 stars.

Have you noticed that some of your closest local competitors have a lot of
online reviews from their satisfied patients?

A great way to build your 5 star reviews is with [online reputation
management](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/online-reputation-
management/) - get your happy patients to give you feedback, testimonials and
reviews.

### Online Reputation Software For Chiropractors

We have a cloud based [online reputation
software](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/reputation-management-
software/) that sends your patients an email requesting feedback about the
service you provide. Here's how it works:

  * Once your account is setup, you add you patients into the system
  * The system then automatically adds them to the feedback sequence, sending out an email that requests feedback about the service you provided.
  * If your patient gives you a 4 or 5 star review, it can be posted automatically to your Facebook and Twitter pages. These reviews can also be integrated into your website.
  * Your patient is then sent a second email asking if they would post this 4/5 review onto your Google My Business Page or any other review site that you would like to post to e.g. Yell.com, Yelp, etc.
  * Should the patient give a 3 star or below review, that feedback is only sent internally into the software, allowing you to follow up and rectify any problems.
  * Both times, you are sent a notification, by email and/or via a text message that you have received feedback from a patient.

This is very simple, yet effective way to improve you online reputation and
make you stand out from your competition, all at a very affordable price.

![Online Reputation Management Software for Chiropractors by Blue Square
Management](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/04/Online-Reputation-Management-Software-For-
Chiropractors.jpg)

![Google AdWords for Chiropractors by Blue Square
Management](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/10/Google-Adwords-For-Chiropractors-Blue-Square-
Management.jpg)

## Google Ads for Chiropractors

Pay Per Click Management Services For Chiropractic Clinics

If you need chiropractic patient leads quickly, then you need to consider Pay
Per Click or PPC advertising. As the name suggests, every time someone clicks
on your ad, you get charged. Whether that’s from Google, Bing, Facebook etc.
Compared to SEO, which is a long term marketing strategy, PPC can generate
leads as soon as your campaign goes live.

When people are suffering from back or neck pain, they want help, and quickly!
They start searching for local chiropractors. A professionally management pay
per click campaign can have your business show up for instantly.

However large or small your budget, we can help get you more patients and grow
your chiropractic business with our [Pay Per Click Management
service](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/ppc-management-service/).

## Video Marketing For Chiropractors

Market Your Chiropractic Clinic with Video

We work 1-on-1 with chiropractors to develop a custom video marketing campaign
that generates a flood of new patents, increases your overall average patient
value, and boosts your referrals, all within just a few months.

### Digital Marketing For Chiropractors FAQs

Frequently Asked Questions For Chiropractic Clinics on Internet Marketing

#### What is Digital Marketing For Chiropractors?

Digital marketing for chiropractors is all about creating online marketing
strategies for chiropractors and chiropractic companies and clinics. Digital
marketing is also known as internet marketing and online marketing. They all
mean the same thing. These marketing strategies can include, but are not
limited to, SEO (Search Engine Optimisation), web design, [social media
marketing](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/social-media-marketing/),
PPC (Pay Per Click) advertising, Local SEO and Google My Business (Google
Maps) optimisation, online video marketing and much more.

The aim is to improve your chiropractic website in the search engine rankings,
and to get you found when potential patients who are in pain. They are in need
of a local chiropractor. It is all about getting your phone to ring!

#### Why Should Chiropractors Invest in Digital Marketing?

My question would rather be, can chiropractors and chiropractic clinics NOT
afford to invest in digital marketing?

Most people, when they need a local chiropractor, will search online. Either
on their mobile phone, tablet or PC. For example, ‘ _chiropractors near me_ ‘
or ‘ _chiropractors in London_ ‘. If you are not at the top of the search
engines or in the Google Maps 3 Pack, your competitors will be and you will
most likely lose phone calls and patients.

Can you afford to do this? This is why chiropractors should invest in digital
marketing. Investing in online marketing is investing in your business.

#### What Digital Marketing Services Do You Provide For Chiropractors?

As a full-service [digital marketing
agency](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/), Blue Square Management
offer a full range of internet marketing services. These include, but are not
limited to, website design, Search Engine Optimisation (SEO), review and
reputation management, social media marketing, online video marketing, Google
Maps ranking and Google My Business optimisation, Pay Per Click (PPC)
advertising management services, plus much more.

Yes, you may be a local chiropractor, but each and every chiropractic company
is unique and have their own goals. That is why we create bespoke digital
marketing services that are tailored to each business … a personal service.

#### How Much Do Chiropractic Marketing Services Cost?

We do not offer off-the-shelf packages. Each chiropractic company is
different, and all have their own goals. So, on this basis, we sit down with
you and find out about your business and what you want to achieve. Then put
together a digital marketing package that is bespoke to you.

Digital marketing services start from £300 per month, but the more you can
invest, the more we can do for you and the quicker you will see results.

#### How Do You Market a Chiropractor?

There are many ways to market chiropractors and chiropractic clinics. The
following chiropractic marketing strategies are just an example:

  1. Create a chiropractor's website (if you do not already have one), then optimise it using SEO (Search Engine Optimisation) for the keywords and phrases that your potential patients will be searching for, such as ‘ _chiropractors TOWN_ ‘
  2. Claim your Google My Business (GMB) and Bing For Business listings.
  3. Optimise your GMB listing. Add your name, business address and phone number (NAP), hours of operation, website, description. Create a GMB website. Upload photos
  4. Create social media profile, including Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, LinkedIn, YouTube etc
  5. Start collecting patient reviews and syndicating them via your social media profiles
  6. Create a Pay Per Click campaign on Google Ads and Facebook
  7. Create great content, offering hints and tips of to keep fit and healthy, and syndicate via social media profiles
  8. Create video content, upload to YouTube and other video platforms, and syndicate via your social media profiles
  9. Create business citations with online directories, such as Yell.com, Yelp, etc

#### How Do Chiropractors Attract New Patients?

There are many ways for local chiropractors and chiropractic firms to get
attract more patients. Below, in no particular order, are just a selection of
the best strategies:

  1. Local SEO
  2. Online paid advertising, such as Google Ads and Facebook
  3. Social Media
  4. Email marketing
  5. Create coupons
  6. Local business networking, e.g. BNI and local Chamber of Commerce
  7. Local online forums
  8. Build your online reviews from your customers
  9. Create a customer referral program
  10. Get involved with your local community, e.g. sponsor a local sports club
  11. Team up with other local businesses
  12. Create contests and giveaway competitions via website and social media

## Is Your Chiropractic Practice Struggling To Generate New Patients?

We can help you generate new leads with online marketing, such as SEO,
Reputation and Video marketing. If you need help promoting and marketing your
chiropractic business with video in YouTube and Google or want to get onto
Page 1 of Google and get in front of your patients when they are looking for a
local chiropractor,then call Blue Square Management now on **01689 602 248**
or email us for a no obligation consultation.

By clicking "Submit" I consent to Blue Square Management using my personal
details in accordance with the [privacy policy](/privacy-policy/) for the
purpose of answering this request

### Internet Marketing Services

![Blue Square Management SEO Web Design Digital Marketing Agency London &
Kent](/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/Blue-Square-Management-SEO-Web-Design-
Digital-Marketing-Agency-WHITE.png)

### BlueSquareManagement

[Digital Marketing For
Plumbers](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/digital-marketing-for-
plumbers/)

[Digital Marketing For
Chiropractors](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/marketing-for-
chiropractors/)

[Digital Marketing For Moving
Companies](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/marketing-for-moving-
companies/)

### Where To Find Us

### Areas Served

You can learn about the areas we serve
[here](https://staging.bluesquaremanagement.com/areas/).

### Contact Us

Web Design & SEO Digital Marketing Agency  
Blue Square Management  
9 Grange Rd  
Orpington  
BR6 8ED

Tel: 01689 602 248

Opening Hours

Mon : 0900 - 1700  
Tues: 0900 - 1700  
Wed: 0900 - 1700  
Thurs: 0900 - 1700  
Fri: 0900 - 1700  
Sat: CLOSED  
Sun: CLOSED

[__](https://www.facebook.com/BlueSquareManagement/)[__](https://twitter.com/BlueSquareSEO)[__](https://www.linkedin.com/authwall?trk=gf&trkInfo=AQF5A45B5aEoFwAAAWohkd6otD1kl8aHLryDnNT_vyZbMfAi-
MnXwfMN1Pavt7yPjllD0aniY2YGx4xbS0031aennoSBDWqjCn3TN9E7eCFwmhaFtL3DthcfGYjDSKw9XMcDyco=&originalReferer=&sessionRedirect=https%3A%2F%2Fuk.linkedin.com%2Fin%2Fpaulbirkett1944)[__](https://www.pinterest.com/bluesquareseo/)[__](https://vimeo.com/channels/534902)[__](https://www.pinterest.com/bluesquareseo/)[__](https://www.youtube.com/user/BlueSquareManagement)

Copyright 2020 Blue Square Management, All Right Reserved |[Sitemap](/site-
map/) | [Privacy](/privacy-policy/) | [T&Cs;](/terms-of-use/)

 __

