PREMIUM

Include in this plan

###  Frequently asked questions

Are all group fitness classes included in the membership price?  __

Yes, all group fitness classes are included and we encourage you to try out
all of our classes!

Do you offer day passes? __

Yes, we offer day passes for the price of $30. This includes our main facility
as well as our state of the art Strength + Conditioning Center.

Am I allowed to bring a guest with my membership?  __

You can bring a guest but they must purchase a day pass at our front desk. Day
passes are $30 per person.

Can I change my membership later?  __

Yes, you can always upgrade your membership. Please see our sales team for
more information.

Can I freeze my membership?  __

You can only freeze your membership due to medical reasons, if you are
traveling over a month. Freeze charge is $25. You must see Tina to freeze your
membership.

Can I sign up online?  __

Yes you can sign up online [here.](http://www.signaturefitnessnj.com/join)

What is the S+C Center?  __

The Strength + Conditioning Center is a 5,000 sq ft (USPA/USAPL/IPF Approved)
training facility, with state of the art equipment and has a world class
atmosphere. We opened the facility in August of 2021. Our mission is to
facilitate and develop peak athletic performance in all of our Performance
Members. On the field or on the platform, we are here to elevate athletes from
all walks of life and backgrounds

What is your Crossfit Program? __

It’s a great balance of strength, cardio, core, and a lot of fun! No matter
where you start, our coaches will push you to become a better version of
yourself.

What is the pricing for paid in full for membership? __

  * For our Premium Membership the paid in full amount is $976.29 (includes taxes and initiation fee)
  * For our Performance Membership the paid in full amount is $ 1,349.49 (includes taxes and initiation fee)

Close

#### Important information

×

Due to COVID-19 restrictions we are currently not allowing guest visits;
however, you are still welcome to come for a gym tour. Please see our
membership staff.

  

Governor Murphy announced that health and fitness clubs can reopen at 25%
capacity and we are pleased to announce that Signature Fitness is now open
24/7. Signature Fitness has been preparing for this reopen for the past few
months and our management team and staff have been hard at work to identify
strategies and opportunities to enhance your experience while prioritizing the
safety of our members and staff. Based on the current set of rules and
regulations from Governor Murphy, below is a list of our new guidelines to
ensure the safety and health for all!

[Download Signature Fitness PDF](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/09/20_08-30-Covid-Guidelines.pdf) Enter Site

Hit enter to search or ESC to close

[ ![Signature Fitness – Signature Fitness Belleville, New
Jersey](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Signature
Fitness – Signature Fitness Belleville, New
Jersey](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/05/SF_logo_black_background.png)
](https://signaturefitnessnj.com)

[Join Online](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/memberships-pricing/)

____

  * [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztTNFIKdkVM&t=63s&ab_channel=SignatureFitnessTV)
  * [About](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/about/)
    * [Meet The Team](/about/trainers/)
    * [Gallery](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/about/gallery/)
    * [Classes & Schedule](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/classes/)
    * [Virtual Tour](https://mpembed.com/show/?m=94VAdkPRfBW&mpu=167&mpv=1)
    * [FAQ](/about/#faq)
    * [Blog](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/blog/)
  * [Services](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/services/)
    * [Group Fitness Classes](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/services/group-fitness/)
    * [Childcare](/services/#extra)
    * [Juice Bar](/services/#extra)
    * [Signature CrossFit](/services/#extra)
    * [Tanning](/services/#extra)
    * [Wellness Center](/services/#extra)
    * [Strength + Conditioning Center](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/sc/)
  * [Training](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/personal-training/)
    * [Personal Training](/personal-training/)
  * [Classes](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/classes/)
    * [Schedule](https://mico.myiclubonline.com/iclub/classlist.htm?clubNumber=8027)
    * [Workshops & Events](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/classes/workshop-events/)
  * [Contact](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/contact-us/)
  * [Shop](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/shop/)
    * [Workshops](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/workshops/)
    * [Sweatshirts](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/sweatshirts/)
    * [Accessories](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/accessories/)
    * [Bags](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/bags/)
    * [Baby and Kids](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/baby-and-kids/)
    * [Headwear](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/hats/)
    * [T-Shirts](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/t-shirts/)
    * [Tanks](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/tanks/)
    * [Pants](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/pants/)
  * [Hiring](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/hiring/)
  * [![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Group-8icon-menu-user-and-cart-1.png)](https://www.myiclubonline.com/iclub/members/signin#signin)
  * [Join Online](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/memberships-pricing/)
  * [BOOK A TOUR](https://forms.club-os.com/booking/signature/3837?embedded=true)

  * [__ 0  ](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/cart/)

was successfully added to your cart.

## Cart

  * ____

  * [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztTNFIKdkVM&t=63s&ab_channel=SignatureFitnessTV)
  * [About](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/about/)
    * [Meet The Team](/about/trainers/)
    * [Gallery](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/about/gallery/)
    * [Classes & Schedule](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/classes/)
    * [Virtual Tour](https://mpembed.com/show/?m=94VAdkPRfBW&mpu=167&mpv=1)
    * [FAQ](/about/#faq)
    * [Blog](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/blog/)
  * [Services](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/services/)
    * [Group Fitness Classes](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/services/group-fitness/)
    * [Childcare](/services/#extra)
    * [Juice Bar](/services/#extra)
    * [Signature CrossFit](/services/#extra)
    * [Tanning](/services/#extra)
    * [Wellness Center](/services/#extra)
    * [Strength + Conditioning Center](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/sc/)
  * [Training](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/personal-training/)
    * [Personal Training](/personal-training/)
  * [Classes](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/classes/)
    * [Schedule](https://mico.myiclubonline.com/iclub/classlist.htm?clubNumber=8027)
    * [Workshops & Events](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/classes/workshop-events/)
  * [Contact](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/contact-us/)
  * [Shop](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/shop/)
    * [Workshops](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/workshops/)
    * [Sweatshirts](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/sweatshirts/)
    * [Accessories](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/accessories/)
    * [Bags](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/bags/)
    * [Baby and Kids](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/baby-and-kids/)
    * [Headwear](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/hats/)
    * [T-Shirts](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/t-shirts/)
    * [Tanks](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/tanks/)
    * [Pants](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/pants/)
  * [Hiring](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/hiring/)
  * 

## Meet the Management & Staff

You’ll find high-quality fitness programs for adults of all abilities at
Signature Fitness. Whether you want to gain strength and flexibility, lose
weight, improve your nutrition or enhance your overall health, our expert
staff will help you meet your goals.

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/05/KN39125-scaled-e1638979580769.jpg)

#### Annie Feldman

Director of Marketing & Growth

Words to live by: “The effect you have on others is the most valuable currency
there is” - Jim Carrey

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/10/DSC07830-2-e1634913802162.jpg)

#### Tina Fodera

Vice President

Words to live by:``Your past mistakes are meant to guide you, not define
you!``  

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/10/DSC07781-3-1-scaled-e1634915269508.jpg)

#### Will Blazeski

Director of Strength & Conditioning / Media Production Specialist

Words to live by: ``Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand
firm.`` — Abraham Lincoln

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07837-scaled-e1638971033528.jpg)

#### Rafael Delacruz

Co Director of Personal Training

Words to live by: ``Success is the ability to move from one failure to another
with no loss of enthusiasm``.

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/10/DSC07831-scaled-e1635178655109.jpg)

#### Chris Dinapoli

General Manager / PT Director

Words to live by: ``The same boiling water that softens potatoes hardens eggs.
Its all about what you are made of not your circumstances.``

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/10/DSC07814-1-scaled-e1635187012511.jpg)

#### Diego Tome

VP Operation & Business Performance + Group Fitness Director/Instructor

Words to live by: ``The mind is everything. What you think, you become``
Buddha

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07786-2-scaled-e1638971354658.jpg)

#### Nicole Ferreira

Manager

Words to live by: ``Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die
today!``

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07784-scaled-e1638972470201.jpg)

#### Natalia Hernandez

Controller

Words to live by: “But the most beautiful things in life are just not things.
They’re people and places, memories and pictures. They’re feeling and moments
and smiles and laughter.”

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07789-scaled-e1638973156952.jpg)

#### Celerino Orpilla Jr. “Ler”

Operations Staff & Trainer

Words to live by: ``Positive anything is better than negative nothing.``
-Elbert Hubbard

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07776-scaled-e1639497313731.jpg)

#### Victoria Guanco

Administrative Assistant

Words to live by: ``In the middle of a difficulty lies opportunity.`` -Albert
Einstein

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07773-1-scaled-e1639497406979.jpg)

#### Gloria Vega

Marketing Coordinator

Words to live by: ``One day you will look back and see that all along you were
blooming.”  

## Meet the Instructors

We demand the best from our instructors, so they can demand the best from you.
Our instructors have to meet high standards of excellence in exercise
physiology, nutrition, anatomy, training program development, exercise
application, health screening, and fitness assessments. But most importantly,
our instructors excel at applying their knowledge to all walks of life, from
athletes to seniors.

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07847-scaled-e1638979930221.jpg)

#### Lismar Moran

Instructor

Words to live by: “Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more
talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.” -Roy T. Bennett

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07766-3-scaled-e1638980784837.jpg)

#### Susan Ramirez

Instructor

Words to live by: ``Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your
eyes.”  
\- Roy T. Bennett

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07768-1-scaled-e1638981931899.jpg)

#### Jeff Toledo

Instructor

Words to live by: “When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are
challenged to change ourselves.” -Viktor E. Frankl

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07772-2-scaled-e1639146794792.jpg)

#### Ernnisa Williams

Instructor

Words to live by: Today is your opportunity to build the tomorrow you want.``
-Ken Poirot

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07764-3-scaled-e1639148156195.jpg)

#### Ricardo Alas

Instructor

Words to live by: “Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.”
– Steve Jobs

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07806-1-scaled-e1639149268560.jpg)

#### Jessica Speers

Instructor

Words to live by: ``All things are difficult before they are easy.`` - Thomas
Fuller

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07762-scaled-e1639153959406.jpg)

#### Anna Proszowski

Yoga Instructor

Words to live by: ``Freedom and love go together. Love is not a reaction.`` -
J. Krishnamurti

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07822-1-scaled-e1639151751321.jpg)

#### Ann Maggio

Yoga Instructor

Words to live by: “The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of
your dreams.`` - Oprah Winfrey

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07807-scaled-e1639153289515.jpg)

#### Gabriela Martinez

Instructor

Interesting Fact: ``I played 4 years of division softball at Boston
University.``

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07787-scaled-e1639154471370.jpg)

#### Joanne Victorio

Instructor

Words to live by: ``It never gets easier you just get stronger.``

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07788-scaled-e1639155100924.jpg)

#### Rich Carino

Instructor

Words to live by: “You don't lose if you get knocked down, you lose if you
stay down.``

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07833-1-scaled-e1639155400267.jpg)

#### Priscilla Wright

Instructor

Words to live by: ``I am the greatest. I said that even before I knew I was.``
- Muhammad Ali

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC03104-scaled-e1639155971165.jpg)

#### Myriam Ortega

Instructor

Words to live by: ``If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.`` - H.G Wells

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC03101-scaled-e1639157062150.jpg)

#### Alexandra Cruz

Instructor

Words to live by: “The number one skill in life is not giving up.``

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC03116-scaled-e1639416916823.jpg)

#### Carlos Loayza

Instructor

Words to live by: ``I am the greatest. I said that even before I knew I was.``
- Muhammad Ali

## Meet the Trainers

We demand the best from our personal trainers, so they can demand the best
from you. Our personal trainers have to meet high standards of excellence in
exercise physiology, nutrition, anatomy, training program development,
exercise application, health screening, and fitness assessments. But most
importantly, our personal trainers excel at applying their knowledge to all
walks of life, from athletes to seniors.

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07827-2-scaled-e1639426429914.jpg)

#### Kat Couillan

Personal Trainer

Words to live by: ``If you have discipline, drive, determination, NOTHING IS
IMPOSSIBLE.`` -Dana Linn Bailey

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07769-scaled-e1639425966841.jpg)

#### Joshua Maslag

Personal Trainer

Words to live by: “We're either getting better or we're getting worse.” -
David Goggins

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC03106-scaled-e1639425323369.jpg)

#### Kenny Reilly

Personal Trainer

Words to live by: ``Nothing Changes if Nothing Changes.``

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07825-1-scaled-e1639426673822.jpg)

#### Nathally Lopez

Personal Trainer

Words to live by: “The human body is the most complex system ever created. The
more we learn about it, the more appreciation we have about what a rich system
it is”

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07782-scaled-e1639426866111.jpg)

#### Jamile Olivera

Personal Trainer

Words to live by: ``All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to
pursue them.” – Walt Disney

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07844-4-scaled-e1639491051905.jpg)

#### Ricardo Alves

Personal Trainer

Words to live by: ``It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up.” – Babe
Ruth

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07771-1-scaled-e1639489161765.jpg)

#### John Circello

Personal Trainer

Words to live by: ``Don’t give up anything is possible you just need to try!``

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07842-scaled-e1639492026921.jpg)

#### Callie Evanchick

Personal Trainer

Interesting Fact: ``I am currently attending graduate school at Mercy College
in order to attain my Doctorate in Physical Therapy.``

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07834-1-scaled-e1639492570452.jpg)

#### Kimberly Campoverde

Personal Trainer

Words to live by: ``Life only changes when you decide to change. It may not be
comfortable or easy, but it sure is worth it.``

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07826-2-scaled.jpg)

#### Ernest Goss

Personal Trainer

Words to live by: ``Be fit in mind, body, and soul.``

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07778-scaled.jpg)

#### William Grant

Personal Trainer

Words to live by: ``Be the change you wish to see in the world.``

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC07812-1-scaled.jpg)

#### Obi Oke

Personal Trainer

Interesting Fact: ``I have been on 6 TV commercials for Africa, Europe, and
USA.``

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/DSC03112-1-scaled.jpg)

#### Jason Schaeffer

Personal Trainer

Words to live by: “Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” ― Oscar Wilde

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/05/SF_logo_black_background-300x147.png)

[![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/01/Rectangle-4download-app-
signature-e1610060084784.png)](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/signature-
fitness-nj/id1464518421?mt=8)



  * [Refer a Friend](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/refer-a-friend/)
  * [Visit Today](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/try-a-free-pass/)
  * [Contact Us](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/contact-us/)
  * [Virtual Tour](https://mpembed.com/show/?m=94VAdkPRfBW&mpu=167&mpv=1)

  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/signaturefitness/)
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/Signaturefitnessnj/)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Signature_Fit)
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMVB0BxnV_kwzQcRaV_X5Mw)

  

Powered by [EpicStudio](https://www.thisisepicstudio.com/)

© Copyright 2018 - . Signature Fitness

### One Day  
Day one

Disclaimers: Testimonials herein are unsolicited and are non-representative of
all members.

  * [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztTNFIKdkVM&t=63s&ab_channel=SignatureFitnessTV)
  * [About](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/about/)
    * [Meet The Team](/about/trainers/)
    * [Gallery](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/about/gallery/)
    * [Classes & Schedule](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/classes/)
    * [Virtual Tour](https://mpembed.com/show/?m=94VAdkPRfBW&mpu=167&mpv=1)
    * [FAQ](/about/#faq)
    * [Blog](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/blog/)
  * [Services](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/services/)
    * [Group Fitness Classes](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/services/group-fitness/)
    * [Childcare](/services/#extra)
    * [Juice Bar](/services/#extra)
    * [Signature CrossFit](/services/#extra)
    * [Tanning](/services/#extra)
    * [Wellness Center](/services/#extra)
    * [Strength + Conditioning Center](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/sc/)
  * [Training](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/personal-training/)
    * [Personal Training](/personal-training/)
  * [Classes](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/classes/)
    * [Schedule](https://mico.myiclubonline.com/iclub/classlist.htm?clubNumber=8027)
    * [Workshops & Events](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/classes/workshop-events/)
  * [Contact](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/contact-us/)
  * [Shop](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/shop/)
    * [Workshops](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/workshops/)
    * [Sweatshirts](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/sweatshirts/)
    * [Accessories](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/accessories/)
    * [Bags](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/bags/)
    * [Baby and Kids](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/baby-and-kids/)
    * [Headwear](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/hats/)
    * [T-Shirts](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/t-shirts/)
    * [Tanks](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/tanks/)
    * [Pants](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/product-category/pants/)
  * [Hiring](https://signaturefitnessnj.com/hiring/)

[![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.signaturefitnessnj.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/user-4-xxl.png)](https://www.myiclubonline.com/iclub/members/signin#signin)

  * [Join Online](https://www.signaturefitnessnj.com/memberships-pricing)
  * [BOOK A TOUR](https://forms.club-os.com/booking/signature/3837?embedded=true)

__

[

##### **Try Signature CrossFit **

#####  ](https://mailchi.mp/signaturefitnessnj/eziuwi33kk)

[JOIN Signature CrossFit ](https://mailchi.mp/signaturefitnessnj/eziuwi33kk)

+

