[![](/banner.php)](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/catalog.php?brandSun+Pharmaceutical+ind.+ltd.)

[](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/shop/ "Shop")
[](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/cart/ "Cart")
[](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/my-account/ "My Account ")
[](javascript:void\(0\) "Search")

__ Hit enter to search or ESC to close

[

### jerseybikiniteam.com

](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/)

  

Menu

  * [Home](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/)
  * [Shop](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/shop/)
  * [Oral Steroids](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/shop-category/oral-steroids/)
  * [Injectable Steroids](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/shop-category/injectable-steroids/)
  * [Testosterone](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/substance/testosterone-undecanoate/)
  * [Trenbolone](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/substance/trenbolone-enanthate/)
  * [Nandrolone](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/substance/nandrolone-phenylpropionate/)
  * [Stanozolol](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/substance/stanozolol/)

## Basket

0

[![](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/cernos-caps-test-
undecanoate.png)](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/05/cernos-caps-test-undecanoate.png)

# Cernos Caps (Test Undecanoate) - 180 caps(40mg)

R3,591.00

Brand: Sun Pharmaceutical ind. ltd., Substance: , Package: 180 caps(40mg)

Cernos Caps (Test Undecanoate) - 180 caps(40mg) quantity

Add to basket

[Add to Wishlist](javascript:void\(0\))

Add to Wishlist

SKU: 3327 Category: [Oral Steroids](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/shop-
category/oral-steroids/)

  * Description
  * Additional information

## Description

Cernos Caps (Test Undecanoate) are used to replace the body's natural sex
hormone testosterone when not enough is made by the body. Testosterone
Undecanoate is the active ingredient of Cernos Caps.  
In men testosterone is produced by the testicles. It is necessary for the
normal growth, development and function of the male sex organs and for
secondary male sex characteristics. It is necessary for the growth of body
hair, the development of bones and muscles, and it stimulates the production
of red blood cells. It also makes men's voices deepen. Cernos Caps (Test
Undecanoate) containing testosterone are used to replace testosterone in a
person who has low or no natural testosterone (a condition known as
hypogonadism). Because of problems with the pituitary or testis, the
production of testosterone by the body decreases.  
Treatment of hypogonadal men with Cernos Caps (Test Undecanoate) results in a
clinically significant rise of plasma concentrations of testosterone,
dihydrotestosterone and androstenedione, as well as a decrease of SHBG (sex
hormone binding globulin). In males with primary (hypergonadotropic)
hypogonadism treatment with Cernos Caps (Test Undecanoate) results in a
normalization of gonadotropin levels.  
Following oral administration of Cernos Caps (Test Undecanoate), an important
part of the active substance Testosterone Undecanoate is coabsorbed with the
lipophilic solvent from the intestine into the lymphatic system, thus
circumventing the firstpass inactivation by the liver. During absorption
Testosterone Undecanoate is partly reduced to dihydrotestosterone undecanoate.
From the lymphatic system it is released into the plasma. In plasma and
tissues both testosterone undecanoate and dihydrotestosterone undecanoate are
hydrolyzed to yield the natural male androgens testosterone and
dihydrotestosterone.  
When taken for more than 4-6 weeks, Cernos Caps (Test Undecanoate) can only
slightly increase body mass and protein anabolism. However, for the body to
build muscle one also has to eat a diet rich in calories. Most bodybuilders
also take a combination of other hormones at the same time. Because
testosterone is converted to estrogen in the fatty tissues, there is always
the chance of developing gynecomastia and water retention. To prevent this,
most bodybuilders add Arimidex or Tamoxifen during the off cycle.  
During Cernos Caps (Test Undecanoate) intake, the natural body testosterone
release is inhibited by feedback mechanism through inhibition of pituitary LH.
At large doses, even spermatogenesis can be impaired. To allow for the
hypothalamic-pituitary axis to recover, it is highly recommended that Cernos
Caps (Test Undecanoate) be tapered off slowly over a period of a few weeks.
Sudden discontinuation of Cernos Caps (Test Undecanoate) can lead to extreme
fatigue, weight loss and susceptibility to fractures.  
Cernos Caps (Test Undecanoate) must be taken orally with the morning and
evening meal. The capsules should be taken with some fluid and swallowed whole
without chewing. If an uneven number of capsules are to be taken, the greater
dose should be taken in the morning. The dosage of Cernos Caps (Test
Undecanoate) should be determined by the physician according to the severity
of the symptoms. The initial dose is usually 120-160 mg/day for 2-3 weeks.
Subsequent dosage (40-120 mg/day) should be based on the clinical effect
obtained in the first weeks of therapy. In general the dose of Cernos Caps
(Test Undecanoate) should be adjusted according to the response of the
individual patient.  
The acute oral toxicity of testosterone undecanoate is very low. High dosages
of Cernos Caps (Test Undecanoate) may cause gastrointestinal complaints due to
the oily solvent contained in the capsule. Treatment may consist of emptying
the stomach and supportive measures.  
Side effects: acne; changes in your menstrual periods; male-pattern hair
growth (such as on the chin or chest); male pattern baldness; enlarged
clitoris; or increase or decrease in sex drive.

## Additional information

Brand|

[Sun Pharmaceutical ind. ltd.](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/brand/sun-
pharmaceutical-ind-ltd/)  
  
---|---  
Package|

[180 caps(40mg)](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/package/180-caps40mg/)  
  
## Related products

  * [![](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/testosterone-gel-cernos-300x300.png)

## Testosterone Gel (Cernos) - 14 sachets(5gm / 10mg per 1gm)

R898.00 ](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/buy/testosterone-gel-
cernos-14-sachets5gm-10mg-per-1gm_for_sale/)[Add to basket](/buy/cernos-caps-
test-undecanoate-180-caps40mg_for_sale/?add-to-cart=357)

[Add to Wishlist](javascript:void\(0\))

Add to Wishlist

Quick View

  * [![](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/cernos-caps-test-undecanoate-300x300.png)

## Cernos Caps (Test Undecanoate) - 120 caps(40mg)

R2,736.00 ](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/buy/cernos-caps-test-
undecanoate-120-caps40mg_for_sale/)[Add to basket](/buy/cernos-caps-test-
undecanoate-180-caps40mg_for_sale/?add-to-cart=371)

[Add to Wishlist](javascript:void\(0\))

Add to Wishlist

Quick View

  * [![](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/testosterone-gel-cernos-300x300.png)

## Testosterone Gel (Cernos) - 28 sachets(5gm / 10mg per 1gm)

R1,656.00 ](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/buy/testosterone-gel-
cernos-28-sachets5gm-10mg-per-1gm_for_sale/)[Add to basket](/buy/cernos-caps-
test-undecanoate-180-caps40mg_for_sale/?add-to-cart=359)

[Add to Wishlist](javascript:void\(0\))

Add to Wishlist

Quick View

(C) [jerseybikiniteam.com](http://jerseybikiniteam.com/)

X

