Skip to content

  * [773.973.3223](tel:773.973.3223)

If this is a medical emergency,  
please call 911 or go to the nearest emergency room.

### Servicing Chicago and Surrounding Areas

[ ![Gerstein Eye Institute Logo](https://www.gersteineye.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/12/gerstein-eye-institute-logo.png)
](https://www.gersteineye.com)

Schedule Your Appointment Today!

  * [ **773.973.3223** ](tel:773.973.3223)
  *   *   *   *   * 

[![Gerstein Eye Institute Logo](https://www.gersteineye.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/12/gerstein-eye-institute-
logo.png)](https://www.gersteineye.com)

  * [HOME](https://www.gersteineye.com/)
  * [GLASSES & CONTACTS](https://www.gersteineye.com/glasses-contacts/)
    * [GLASSES](https://www.gersteineye.com/glasses-contacts/glasses/)
    * [CONTACTS](https://www.gersteineye.com/glasses-contacts/contacts/)
  * [EYE SURGERY SERVICES](https://www.gersteineye.com/eye-surgery-services/)
    * [LASIK](https://www.gersteineye.com/eye-surgery-services/lasik/)
      * [LASIK SURGERY FAQ](https://www.gersteineye.com/eye-surgery-services/lasik/lasik-surgery-faq/)
      * [WHY SHOULD I CONSIDER LASIK](https://www.gersteineye.com/eye-surgery-services/lasik/why-should-i-consider-lasik/)
    * [INTRAOCULAR CONTACT LENSES ( ICL )](https://www.gersteineye.com/eye-surgery-services/intraocular-contact-lenses-icl/)
    * [CUSTOM CATARACT SURGERY](https://www.gersteineye.com/eye-surgery-services/custom-cataract-surgery/)
      * [CATARACT SURGERY FAQ](https://www.gersteineye.com/eye-surgery-services/custom-cataract-surgery/cataract-surgery-faq/)
      * [WHEN SHOULD I HAVE CATARACT SURGERY](https://www.gersteineye.com/eye-surgery-services/custom-cataract-surgery/when-should-i-have-cataract-surgery/)
  * [GENERAL EYE CARE](https://www.gersteineye.com/general-eye-care/)
  * [REVIEWS](https://www.gersteineye.com/reviews/)
  * [PATIENT PORTAL](https://www.nextmd.com/ud2/Login/Login.aspx)
  * [ABOUT US](https://www.gersteineye.com/about-us/)
    * [OUR DOCTORS](https://www.gersteineye.com/about-us/our-doctors/)
    * [SURGERY CENTER](https://www.gersteineye.com/about-us/surgery-center/)
    * [Areas Served](https://www.gersteineye.com/areas-served/)
    * [ACCEPTED INSURANCE](https://www.gersteineye.com/about-us/accepted-insurance/)
    * [JOIN OUR TEAM](https://www.gersteineye.com/about-us/join-our-team/)
    * [EVENTS](https://www.gersteineye.com/events/)
  * [BLOG](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/)
  * [ORDER CONTACTS ONLINE](https://www.gersteineye.com/order-contacts-online/)
  * [CONTACT US](https://www.gersteineye.com/contact-us/)
    * [SCHEDULE AN APPOINTMENT](https://www.gersteineye.com/schedule-an-appointment/)

  * # [What Are the Symptoms of Angle-Closure Glaucoma?](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/10/what-are-the-symptoms-of-angle-closure-glaucoma/)

Has your [ ophthalmologist in Chicago ](/about-us/our-doctors/) informed you
that you have a higher than normal risk for glaucoma? If so, then you may
benefit from understanding the symptoms of one form of this condition, called
angle-closure glaucoma. Someone who has angle-closure glaucoma typically will
not notice any symptoms before an attack. Symptoms that you may experience in
the early stages of an attack include eye pain, mild headaches, blurred
vision, and halos. If you notice any of these symptoms, then see your eye
doctor as soon as possible. Other symptoms that are associated with an angle-
closure glaucoma attack include eye redness, severe pain in the eye or
forehead, blurred or decreased vision, nausea, vomiting, and headache.

Individuals who are over age 40, have high eye pressure, require vision
correction, have suffered an eye injury, or have family members with glaucoma
have a higher than normal risk of developing this eye disease. Speak with your
ophthalmologist to learn about additional risk factors and whether you may be
at risk for glaucoma.

![Angle-Closure Glaucoma Treatment](https://www.gersteineye.com/wp-
content/uploads/13894112\[1\].jpg)

[ \- October 22, 2017](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/10/what-are-the-
symptoms-of-angle-closure-glaucoma/)

  * # [Comparing Monofocal and Multifocal IOLs](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/09/comparing-monofocal-and-multifocal-iols/)

Your options for [ cataract treatment ](/eye-surgery-services/custom-cataract-
surgery/) in the Chicago area include monofocal and multifocal intraocular
lenses (IOLs). During cataract surgery, the eye doctor removes the cloudy
natural lens of the eye and replaces it with one of these types of intraocular
implants. Most often, doctors implant monofocal IOLs. This type of lens is
engineered to help patients focus at one distance—near, medium, or distance
vision. Patients usually opt to have the lens provide clear distance vision.
They will then use reading glasses for up-close work.

Multifocal lenses are more complex. This IOL features different zones, each
with its own focusing power. In other words, multifocal lenses offer both near
and distant focusing capabilities simultaneously. They work in a similar way
as bifocal or multifocal contact lenses. Multifocal lenses are ideal for
people who do a lot of reading or other close work, and who aren’t enamored of
the idea of using reading glasses frequently.

![Cataract treatment in the Chicago area](https://www.gersteineye.com/wp-
content/uploads/175059088\[1\].jpg)

[ \- September 17, 2017](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/09/comparing-
monofocal-and-multifocal-iols/)

  * # [Exploring Your Glaucoma Treatment Options](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/09/exploring-your-glaucoma-treatment-options/)

An optic nerve transmits impulses from each eye to the brain. This allows the
information that enters the retinas to be interpreted by the brain. The optic
nerve is essential for your clear, [ healthy vision ](/eye-surgery-services/)
, and if this nerve sustains damage, blindness can result. Glaucoma refers to
a group of eye problems that involve damage to this crucial nerve. If you’ve
been visiting an ophthalmologist in Chicago for regular eye exams, then you’re
more likely to be diagnosed with glaucoma early on. Your eye doctor can get
you started on treatments to delay the progression of vision loss. ![Glaucoma
Treatment Options](https://www.gersteineye.com/wp-
content/uploads/168989444\[1\].jpg)

**Medicated Eye Drops**

Most people diagnosed with glaucoma start their treatment with prescription
eye drops. There are different classes of medicines that can treat glaucoma,
including the following:

    * Beta blockers
    * Prostaglandins
    * Alpha-adrenergic agonists
    * Carbonic anhydrase inhibitors
    * Miotic or cholinergic agents

These eye drops regulate the pressure within your eye, which is called the
intraocular pressure. By preventing the intraocular pressure from rising too
high, the eye drops can delay or halt further damage to the optic nerve.

**Oral Medications**

Sometimes, eye drops by themselves aren’t sufficient to get the intraocular
pressure down to ideal levels. The ophthalmologist might prescribe an oral
medication to take in addition to your eye drops. Before taking any new
medication, make sure your eye doctor has current information regarding your
other prescriptions and medical conditions.

**Laser Treatment**

Another treatment option for glaucoma is laser surgery. If you have open-angle
glaucoma, your doctor may perform a trabeculoplasty. He or she will use a
special laser to improve the drainage of the intraocular fluid to reduce the
pressure. Another laser surgery is an iridotomy, which is appropriate for
patients with angle-closure glaucoma. This treatment also improves the
drainage of intraocular fluid.

**Eye Surgery**

An ophthalmologist may recommend surgery performed without the use of lasers.
One option is the implantation of a very tiny drainage tube. The surgeon will
also create a reservoir underneath a thin membrane called the conjunctiva. The
tiny tube sends intraocular fluid to the reservoir, and from there, the fluid
absorbs harmlessly into the blood vessels.

[ \- September 10, 2017](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/09/exploring-
your-glaucoma-treatment-options/)

  * # [What to Consider When Choosing Your IOLs](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/08/what-to-consider-when-choosing-your-iols/)

Millions of Americans suffer from poor eyesight due to cataracts, but many
will enjoy restored vision after undergoing surgery for intraocular lenses or
IOLs. If you’re planning to see an ophthalmologist for [ intraocular implants
in Chicago ](/eye-surgery-services/intraocular-contact-lenses-icl/) , then
keep reading to learn what you should consider when selecting the right IOLs
for you. ![ Intraocular implants in Chicago](https://www.gersteineye.com/wp-
content/uploads/104891228\[1\].jpg)

**Insurance Coverage**

There are several types of IOLs, and not all are covered by insurance.
However, the cost of the most traditional option, which is a monofocal lens,
is covered by most insurance companies and Medicare. For this reason, if the
cost of your IOLs will affect your decision, then this option may be best for
you. Monofocal lenses are made to provide patients with the best possible
corrected vision at near, far, or intermediate distances.

**Device Usage**

If you spend a significant amount of time using a computer, tablet, or smart
phone, then your ophthalmologist may recommend monofocal intraocular lenses
that are set to provide you with monovision. In this situation, one lens is
designed to provide near vision and the other one distance vision. However, if
you want results that provide you crisp vision, then a monovision approach may
not be for you.

**Treatment Goals**

If you’re hoping to eliminate the need for glasses by undergoing cataract
surgery, then your doctor may recommend multifocal lenses. These are a newer
variety of IOLs that may be able to correct both distance and near vision for
the patient, as well as reduce or eliminate the need for eyeglasses. These
IOLs are quite expensive and are rarely completely covered by insurance.

**Astigmatism Level**

Toric IOLs are intraocular lenses that provide the wearer with added
correction for astigmatism. Commonly, people who have moderate to advanced
astigmatism prefer toric IOLs, but these may not be fully covered by
insurance.

**Driving Habits**

If it’s important for you to be able to drive at night, then consider that
multifocal lenses can have side effects like decreased contrast sensitivity,
glare, and halos around lights. If you regularly drive at night, then
monofocal IOLs may be the better choice for you.

[ \- August 27, 2017](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/08/what-to-
consider-when-choosing-your-iols/)

  * # [The Link Between Diabetes and Glaucoma](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/04/the-link-between-diabetes-and-glaucoma/)

After you have been diagnosed with diabetes, your ophthalmologist will be an
important member of your diabetes care team. This is because your disease
places you at risk of eye health complications, including glaucoma. People
with diabetes are thought to be twice as likely to develop open-angle glaucoma
compared to non-diabetics. Interestingly, people who already have open-angle
glaucoma are at a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes compared to people
without glaucoma. At an [ optical center in Chicago ](/about-us/) , diabetic
patients can undergo testing for glaucoma. The sooner glaucoma is detected and
treated, the better the outcome will be. Your eye doctor may ask you to return
to the optical center for routine exams more frequently than patients without
diabetes.

In addition to getting your vision checked regularly, you can protect your eye
health and systemic health by following your primary care physician’s diabetes
management guidelines. You may be asked to take oral medications or injected
insulin to control your blood sugar levels. Lifestyle changes like careful
meal planning and regular exercising are other essential ways to reduce the
risk of diabetes-related complications like glaucoma.

![Glaucome solutions in Chicago](https://www.gersteineye.com/wp-
content/uploads/4137236\[2\].jpg)

[ \- April 1, 2017](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/04/the-link-between-
diabetes-and-glaucoma/)

  * # [A Look at Common Symptoms and Causes of Glaucoma](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/09/a-look-at-common-symptoms-and-causes-of-glaucoma/)

Routine optical exams are an important part of overall eye care, so it’s
important to see your [ eye doctor ](/about-us/our-doctors/) in Chicago
regularly. Doing so can help keep your eyes healthy by detecting problems,
such as glaucoma, in their early stages. Read on to learn more about this eye
disease. ![Causes Of Glaucoma](https://www.gersteineye.com/wp-
content/uploads/104671265\[1\].jpg)

**Glaucoma**

Glaucoma typically results due to fluid buildup that increases the pressure in
the eye and causes damage to the optic nerve. The early symptoms of glaucoma
are often minor or non-existent, so many people do not realize that something
is wrong with their eyes until the disease has become advanced. Because
glaucoma progresses slowly and often develops unnoticed, it’s important to
visit your ophthalmologist regularly for exams. When caught early, glaucoma
treatment can help preserve your vision.

**Symptoms**

The most common form of this disease is called open-angle glaucoma, and it
usually has no symptoms while it’s in its early stages. Eventually, the damage
to the optic nerve begins to cause blanks spots in the individual’s vision,
but even these are difficult to notice until they become substantial in size.
Another form of this disease, called angle-closure glaucoma, can cause an
acute attack. These attacks can result in nausea, vomiting, severe eye pain,
blurry vision, headache, and rings or halos around lights. If you experience
any of these symptoms, see an ophthalmologist immediately.

**Causes**

The inside of your eyes are lined with a layer of tissue that is sensitive to
light, called the retina. The optic nerve, which is composed of many nerve
fibers, runs like a cable between your retina and your brain, communicating
signals from the eye, which your brain then interprets as images. The front
portion of an eye contains a clear fluid called aqueous humor. A healthy eye
continually produces new aqueous humor, while draining out the existing fluid
at the same time. This process works to maintain the healthy balance of
pressure within the eye. Eyes with glaucoma, however, fail to preserve this
balance, and the added pressure damages the optic nerve fibers and leads to
reduced vision or blindness.

[ \- September 10, 2016](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/09/a-look-at-
common-symptoms-and-causes-of-glaucoma/)

  * # [Understanding Dry Eye Syndrome](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/07/understanding-dry-eye-syndrome/)

Dry eye syndrome is a condition frequently treated by eye doctors. If you are
looking for an [ ophthalmologist ](/about-us/our-doctors/) to receive dry eye
treatment near Chicago, you may have questions about this disorder. Watch this
video to understand the nature of dry eye syndrome.

Your eyes have three layers of tears. The reason that most people develop dry
eyes is the deterioration of the mucin cells, which make up the bottom tear
layer. As you age, these cells can begin to fail, resulting in a reduction of
your tear production and a feeling of dryness in your eyes. Eye doctors often
recommend artificial tears to provide dry eye treatment for mild cases of this
condition.

[ \- July 16, 2016](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/07/understanding-
dry-eye-syndrome/)

  * # [Taking Care of Your Child's Vision](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/07/taking-care-of-your-childs-vision/)

Just like going to the dentist and the pediatrician, eye examinations and
visits to an [ eye doctor in Chicago ](/general-eye-care/) should be part of
your child’s routine medical care. Keep reading to learn more about taking
care of your child’s vision. ![Childhood Eye Care in
Chicago](https://www.gersteineye.com/wp-content/uploads/91309133\[1\].jpg)

**Types of Eye Care Specialists**

There are a variety of eye care professionals that your child may need to see.
Optometrists offer primary vision care and can perform eye examinations to
determine if your child needs glasses or is suffering from an eye disease.
Opticians specialize in fitting and adjusting eyeglasses. Ophthalmologists are
medical doctors who provide comprehensive eye care, including surgery and
practicing medicine. Finally, pediatric ophthalmologists are eye doctors who
have undergone additional training to diagnose and treat problems that can
affect children’s eyes.

**Sources of Childhood Eye Care**

Throughout her childhood, your child should periodically have her eyes
examined. Newborns typically have their eyes checked by a doctor while in the
hospital nursery as part of a general health examination. Your child’s
pediatrician or family doctor should perform eye health screenings as she
grows up and if irregularities are detected, direct you to see an eye doctor.
For children that already wear corrective lenses, visits to an eye doctor
should be scheduled once per year so their eyes can be monitored for changes
and their eyewear can be updated accordingly.

**Signs of Childhood Eye Problems**

Besides having a doctor look at your child’s eyes, you can also take care of
her vision by knowing how to spot eye problems. If you notice that your
child’s eyes are extremely sensitive to light or are chronically watery or
red, schedule an eye doctor appointment. Other indicators of an eye problem
include poor visual tracking, poor focusing, a whitened pupil, constant eye
rubbing, and abnormal eye movement or alignment after six months of age. Once
your child is of school age, there are behaviors to watch for that can
indicate that she is struggling to see properly. These can include sitting
close to the TV, squinting, having difficulty reading, struggling to see
distant objects, and having trouble reading the blackboard at school.

[ \- July 9, 2016](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/07/taking-care-of-
your-childs-vision/)

  * # [What to Do to Prevent Eye Injuries](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/06/what-to-do-to-prevent-eye-injuries/)

Eye diseases like macular degeneration aren’t the only problems that can rob a
person of his or her healthy vision. Injuries to the eye can occur in mere
moments, but they can have life-changing consequences. Residents of the
Chicago area can get some [ eye care ](/general-eye-care/) tips from their
ophthalmologist. Even when individuals take precautions to protect their
vision, accidents can occur from time to time. If you’ve suffered an eye
injury, seek immediate medical attention.

![Eye care tips from Gerstein Eye Institute](https://www.gersteineye.com/wp-
content/uploads/20186087\[1\].jpg)

**At Work**

Work-related eye injuries are entirely too common. When a job exposes
employees to hazardous chemicals, airborne debris, and other hazards,
employers are supposed to provide proper protective gear, including safety
goggles. However, it’s incumbent upon the employee to ensure that he or she
follows safety guidelines and wears these goggles as needed. Adequate safety
goggles are those that feature side shields. Other [ protective gear can
include face shields ](https://preventblindness.org/protect-your-vision-at-
work/) , full-face respirators, welding helmets, work screens, and machine
guarding. Individuals who wear eye glasses, rather than contact lenses, can
consult an eye care professional about getting prescription safety goggles.

**At Home**

The workplace and the home are the two major places in which eye injuries
occur. Eye doctors recommend taking precautions inside and outside the home to
protect one’s eyes. Inside the home, some common hazards include cleaning
chemicals, grease splatters, certain children’s toys such as projectiles, and
tripping hazards. Champagne bottles are another potential hazard. When opening
a champagne bottle, always point it at a 45-degree angle away from yourself
and everyone else. After you’ve removed the wire hood, place a towel over the
entire top of the bottle before twisting the cork out. Outside the home, yard
work is often the greatest hazard for eye health. Before mowing the yard, walk
over the entire area, removing branches and other potential projectiles. Do
not allow children outdoors while mowing or doing other yardwork with power
tools. Remember to wear safety goggles.

**At the Gym**

Thousands of people suffer from sports-related eye injuries each year. Some of
those injuries occurred because the patients relied on their regular eye
glasses to provide adequate protection. Safety goggles ought to be worn before
engaging in certain sports, such as racquetball and basketball.

[ \- June 25, 2016](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/06/what-to-do-to-
prevent-eye-injuries/)

  * # [Recognizing Healthy Vision Month](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/04/recognizing-healthy-vision-month/)

Every May, the National Eye Institute celebrates Healthy Vision Month to
remind people of all ages to stop and pay attention to their eye health. After
all, while you may see your doctor for an annual physical, many people only
see an eye doctor when they have an issue, which means you could be missing
out on important preventative care. Take the time now to make an appointment
with your eye doctor in Chicago, and [ focus on your eye health ](/general-
eye-care/) with these important tips.

![Healthy vision tips](https://www.gersteineye.com/wp-
content/uploads/56174315\[1\].jpg)

**Find Out Your Family History**

Did you know that many eye diseases are hereditary? Understanding your
family’s eye health history will help you and your eye doctor determine which
diseases could happen to you. Because many conditions that cause blindness run
in families, knowing your risks can help your eye doctor make important
decisions about screening tests and treatments that are right for you.

**Live an Eye-Healthy Lifestyle**

Many of your everyday habits can impact your eye health. Smoking can cause a
number of different eye problems, including cataracts and macular
degeneration, so don’t pick it up, or ask your doctor for help quitting if you
are currently a smoker. Eat a healthy diet with plenty of vitamin-rich foods.
If you have a chronic condition that impacts your eyes, like diabetes, follow
your treatment plan closely. Wear sunglasses to avoid eye damage from UV
exposure, and wear protective eyewear when necessary on the job and in sports.

**Get Regular Eye Exams**

Many eye conditions don’t have symptoms in their early stages, which means you
could miss an important window of treatment opportunity. Your eye doctor can
diagnose and treat these conditions by identifying them during an annual eye
exam. Be sure to have a dilated eye exam when recommended by your doctor.
Dilated exams let your eye doctor see the back of your eye to better evaluate
your eye health. Eye exams are also important for verifying the effectiveness
of your current vision correction treatments, like eyeglasses, and make
adjustments to your prescriptions as needed.

[ \- April 30, 2016](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/04/recognizing-
healthy-vision-month/)

## Post navigation

[Previous Post](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/04/eating-for-eye-
health/)

[Next Post](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/05/what-is-dry-eye/)

### RECENT POSTS

  * [ Adult Risk Factors for Cataracts ](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2020/06/adult-risk-factors-for-cataracts/)
  * [ Benefits of Intraocular Lenses ](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2020/06/benefits-of-intraocular-lenses/)
  * [ An Overview of LASIK Eye Surgery ](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2020/06/an-overview-of-lasik-eye-surgery/)

### categories

  * [Uncategorized](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/uncategorized/)
  * [LASIK](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/lasik/)
  * [Eye Protection](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/eye-protection/)
  * [Prescription Glasses](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/prescription-glasses/)
  * [Eye Safety](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/eye-safety/)
  * [Contacts](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/contacts/)
  * [Healthy Eyes](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/healthy-eyes/)
  * [Cataracts](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/cataracts/)
  * [Gerstein Eye Review](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/gerstein-eye-review/)
  * [Macular Degeneration](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/macular-degeneration/)
  * [Amblyopia](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/amblyopia/)
  * [Intraocular Contact Lenses](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/intraocular-contact-lenses/)
  * [Eye Exam](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/eye-exam/)
  * [Opthalmology](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/opthalmology/)
  * [Pink Eye](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/pink-eye/)
  * [Intraocular Lenses](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/intraocular-lenses/)
  * [Glaucoma](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/glaucoma/)
  * [Diabetes](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/diabetes/)
  * [Dry Eye](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/dry-eye/)
  * [UV Radiation](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/uv-radiation/)
  * [Allergies](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/allergies/)
  * [Eye Glasses](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/eye-glasses/)
  * [News](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/category/news/)

### Archives

###  2020

  * [June (5)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2020/06/)
  * [March (1)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2020/03/)

###  2019

  * [July (2)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2019/07/)
  * [June (2)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2019/06/)
  * [May (2)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2019/05/)
  * [April (2)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2019/04/)
  * [March (2)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2019/03/)
  * [February (2)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2019/02/)
  * [January (2)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2019/01/)

###  2018

  * [December (2)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2018/12/)
  * [November (2)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2018/11/)
  * [October (2)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2018/10/)
  * [September (2)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2018/09/)
  * [August (2)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2018/08/)
  * [July (2)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2018/07/)
  * [May (2)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2018/05/)
  * [March (2)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2018/03/)
  * [February (2)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2018/02/)
  * [January (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2018/01/)

###  2017

  * [December (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/12/)
  * [November (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/11/)
  * [October (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/10/)
  * [September (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/09/)
  * [August (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/08/)
  * [July (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/07/)
  * [June (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/06/)
  * [May (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/05/)
  * [April (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/04/)
  * [March (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/03/)
  * [February (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/02/)
  * [January (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2017/01/)

###  2016

  * [December (5)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/12/)
  * [November (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/11/)
  * [October (3)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/10/)
  * [September (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/09/)
  * [August (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/08/)
  * [July (5)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/07/)
  * [June (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/06/)
  * [May (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/05/)
  * [April (5)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/04/)
  * [March (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/03/)
  * [February (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/02/)
  * [January (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2016/01/)

###  2015

  * [December (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2015/12/)
  * [November (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2015/11/)
  * [October (5)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2015/10/)
  * [September (5)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2015/09/)
  * [August (3)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2015/08/)
  * [July (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2015/07/)
  * [June (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2015/06/)
  * [May (5)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2015/05/)
  * [April (5)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2015/04/)
  * [March (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2015/03/)
  * [February (3)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2015/02/)
  * [January (3)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2015/01/)

###  2014

  * [December (7)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2014/12/)
  * [November (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2014/11/)
  * [October (4)](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/2014/10/)

  * [HOME](https://www.gersteineye.com/)
  * [GLASSES & CONTACTS](https://www.gersteineye.com/glasses-contacts/)
  * [EYE SURGERY SERVICES](https://www.gersteineye.com/eye-surgery-services/)
  * [GENERAL EYE CARE](https://www.gersteineye.com/general-eye-care/)
  * [REVIEWS](https://www.gersteineye.com/reviews/)
  * [PATIENT INFORMATION](https://www.gersteineye.com/patient-information/)
  * [ABOUT US](https://www.gersteineye.com/about-us/)
  * [BLOG](https://www.gersteineye.com/blog/)
  * [ORDER CONTACTS ONLINE](https://www.gersteineye.com/order-contacts-online/)
  * [CONTACT US](https://www.gersteineye.com/contact-us/)

Gerstein Eye Institute

Ophthalmologist in Chicago  
Located at  
3042 West Peterson Avenue  
Chicago, IL, 60659  
[View Map](https://goo.gl/maps/EzSPeCnRB2as7Te27)

Call Today

[ **773.973.3223** ](tel:773.973.3223)

Keep In Touch

  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/gersteineyeinstitute/)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/GersteinEyeIL)
  * [__](https://www.yelp.com/biz/gerstein-eye-institute-chicago)
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/user/GersteinEyeInstitute)
  * [__](https://goo.gl/maps/QTk2gHeGKGBCop2f6)

##### Chicagoland's premiere Eye Doctor, offering Lasik Surgery, Contacts and
Traditional Frames.

Professional Ophthalmology in Chicago, IL | Gerstein Eye Institute | © 2018
All Rights Reserved.

  * [SITE MAP](https://www.gersteineye.com/site-map/)
  * [PRIVACY POLICY](https://www.gersteineye.com/privacy-policy/)

![LocalIQ Powered](https://www.gersteineye.com/wp-
content/themes/Riviera/images/LocalIQ_Powered.png)

