__

__[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/my/v2/logo.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my)

  * [ Search New Cars ](https://newcar.carlist.my/search)
  * [ Electric Vehicle ![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/v2/electric_icon.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ](https://newcar.carlist.my/search/electric-vehicle)
  * [ Browse Car Brands ](https://newcar.carlist.my/browse-car-brands)
  * [ Help ](javascript:void\(0\))
  * [Sell Your Car](https://www.carlist.my/account/listing/create-selection)

[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/my/v2/logo.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my)

__

![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/v2/search_header.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/home_cotton_candy/back.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
Trending Searches

* * *

Makes [ Honda ](https://newcar.carlist.my/search/honda) [ Mercedes-Benz
](https://newcar.carlist.my/search/mercedes-benz) [ Toyota
](https://newcar.carlist.my/search/toyota)

* * *

Models [ 2021 Toyota Corolla
](https://newcar.carlist.my/search?keyword\[\]=\["2021 Toyota Corolla"\]) [
2022 Honda Civic ](https://newcar.carlist.my/search?keyword\[\]=\["2022 Honda
Civic"\]) [ 2022 Perodua Myvi
](https://newcar.carlist.my/search?keyword\[\]=\["2022 Perodua Myvi"\])

Search ![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/my/arrow-right-
search.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/my/v2/logo.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) __

  * [Search New Cars](https://newcar.carlist.my/search)
  * [Electric Vehicle (EV)  ![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/v2/electric_icon.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) NEW ](https://newcar.carlist.my/search/electric-vehicle)
  * [Browse Car Brands](https://newcar.carlist.my/browse-car-brands)
  * [Cars Price List](https://newcar.carlist.my/price-list)
  *   * Policies
  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.carlist.my/privacy)
  * [Terms of use](https://www.carlist.my/terms-and-conditions-of-use)

### We’d love to chat!

Enter your name

Full Name Name

Enter your email address

Email Address

Phone number

010  011  012  013  014  016  017  018  019

Enter phone number

Message

Call me back

For any queries, call Carlist at  For any queries, call

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/finance_common/telephone-
dark.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) [03-27766018](tel:03-27766018)

We respect your privacy. Your contact details are safe with us.

![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/finance_common/yes.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

## Thank you!

We received your submission, we will contact you soon.  
Alternatively, please call us at 03-2776 6018.

__[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/my/v2/logo.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my)

  * Overview
  * Variants
  * Gallery
  * Reviews
  * Auto News

  * 2022 Perodua Aruz 

RM 725/Month RM 68,526

  * Get Offer 

![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/my/cotton_candy/360-degree.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
View in 360

  1. [Home](https://newcar.carlist.my)
  2. [ Perodua ](https://newcar.carlist.my/search/perodua)
  3. 2022 Perodua Aruz 

#  2022 Perodua Aruz

[ RM 725/Month RM 68,526 __](javascript:void\(0\))

[ 9 years  ](javascript:void\(0\);)

  * [ 5 years  ](javascript:void\(0\);)
  * [ 7 years  ](javascript:void\(0\);)
  * [ 9 years  ](javascript:void\(0\);)

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

(10 Reviews)

[ Compare Model
](https://newcar.carlist.my/perodua/2022/aruz/comparison?repayment=9)

#### Key Highlights

Priced competitively Wide dealer and service centre network Various after-
market accessories available

Overview

### Perodua Aruz 2021-2022 Review

Not quite a full market segment, but not quite a niche – we’re talking about
entry-level seven seater cars, and the Perodua Aruz is one of the prime
options you could pick from. Historically, the Aruz is the successor to the
Perodua Nautica and Perodua Kembara – the former being twin sister to the
Toyota Rush. Realistically, however, both the Aruz and the Rush are a long
ways away from their predecessors.

The Perodua Aruz is part SUV, part MPV – and designed and built with
functionality in mind. What’s interesting is that it’s rear-wheel driven, an
currently the only one in the Perodua range since the Nautica, Kembara, and
Rusa were phased out. There are no all-wheel drive options for the time being.

In a more difficult sense, the Perodua Aruz, Perodua Alza, and Perodua Ativa
all have overlap in different areas and are all around roughly the same price
point. One could argue that the Aruz is for those who need the carrying
capacity of an Alza, but the mild ruggedness of an Ativa – and in that sense,
the Aruz fills this role incredibly well.

If you’re in the position where you need to carry seven people regularly – or
five people and a lot of cargo – the Aruz is the perfect place to start
looking. Balik kampung trips, family reunions, or picking up relatives from
the airport – the Aruz can probably handle whatever you want to throw at it,
in a comfortable enough fashion.

### Perodua Aruz 2021-2022 Specifications

You can have your Perodua Aruz with any engine you want, as long as it’s a
1.5-litre, naturally aspirated petrol unit. The engine in question is the same
mill found in the 1.5-litre variants of the Perodua Myvi, and makes 100 hp and
133 Nm of torque. The gearbox is also a four-speed automatic, though
completely different in design to the one in the Myvi as this one sends power
to the rear wheels. Both variants of the Aruz get the eco-idle system for
improved fuel efficiency.

At just over 1,300 kilograms, the Perodua Aruz is not the lightest car on the
market – though when you remember that it carries up to seven occupants, this
number doesn’t seem all too bad. The wheelbase is a decent 2,685 mm, with an
overall length of 4,435 mm and width of 1,695 mm. Ground clearance for both
variants is a staunch 220 mm, which is about the height of the water on your
garden-variety flooded road in urban areas.

### Perodua Aruz 2021-2022 Exterior

If you were to imagine your generic MPV form, but lifted a few inches off the
ground, you would land pretty close to the Perodua Aruz. Form follows function
with the Aruz, as it manages to look both rugged enough to head off the beaten
path, and appropriate enough for a school car park. No matter where you decide
to take it, it wouldn’t look particularly out of place.

Bot variants of the Aruz get 17-inch wheels wrapped in 215/60 R17 tyres.
That’s where the aesthetics diverge, as the 1.5 AV gets a silver painted
diffuser over an unpainted unit, front fog lamps over plastic covers,
automatic headlamps, and a roof rail. There are five options for the Aruz in
terms of colour: Electric Blue, Passion Red Metallic, Glittering Silver
Metallic, Granite Grey, and Ivory White. At launch, there was an Amazon Green
option but that was phased out with an update in 2021-2022. The update also
brought integrated side steps and an auto-lock function for the doors.

### Perodua Aruz 2021-2022 Interior

As far as interiors go, the Perodua Aruz doesn’t exactly break new ground or
set new standards – but it does have its creature comforts. The instrument
cluster is a decent, easy to read setup with white illumination. There are
minor differences across the variants, with leather or urethane shift bezels,
and leather or fabric seat materials. The second row of seats is one-touch
folding and slidable to adjust legroom between second and third row
passengers.

The third row of seats can also be dropped separately, allowing you to provide
a little bit more room if you need the storage space and only need six seats
in your car. We wouldn’t go so far as to say that the Aruz offers a wide range
of seating configurations, but it offers enough to let you pick and choose how
you vary between cargo and occupancy.

### Perodua Aruz 2021-2022 Safety Features

Common and basic safety features for the Perodua Aruz are items like ABS with
EBD and Brake Assist, Vehicle Stability Control, Traction Control, Emergency
Stop Signal, Hill Start Assist, and your regulation ISOFIX tether system for
baby seats. Where the 1.5 AV sets itself apart is with the Advanced Safety
Assist 2.0 system – the first among Perodua models to offer it – which
includes things like pre-collision braking, forward collision warning, and
other active safety items.

### Perodua Aruz 2021-2022 Strengths and Weaknesses

At its core, the Perodua Aruz is a utilitarian car – and while it may not have
the most intricate interior design or layout, it certainly manages to provide
for its target market. The materials are hard wearing and likely to stand up
to the abuse a car faces when seating children and many family members, and
the simplicity of the powertrain also helps to provide a level of robustness
and reliability for the long haul.

That being said, the Perodua Aruz suffers from the same issues that most cars
in this class face – an engine that’s just a little too small to provide
reasonable performance when fully loaded with occupants and cargo. It’s a
necessity to keep the pricing competitive and is a part of Perodua’s engine
line-up, but a 1.5-litre engine can be a bit of a drag at times.

### Perodua Aruz 2021-2022 Price

There are but two variants of the Perodua Aruz to choose from – the entry
level 1.5 X goes for RM 68,526, while the top-spec 1.5 AV goes for RM 73,226.
As is the case with most Perodua products nowadays, the 1.5 AV is the one to
go for if you value active safety systems, and the relatively small price
difference can be easy to spread over the course of a multi-year loan, in
addition to increased resale value.  

### Perodua Aruz 2021-2022 Features

With only two variants on offer, the Perodua Aruz is fairly flat in its
specifications across the range. As expected, the 1.5 AV variant is
differentiated by its active safety systems, but that’s not to say that the
1.5 X loses out in terms of functionality. Both variants get keyless entry and
start, a built-in toll reader for your Touch n Go card, a six-speaker sound
system setup, two USB ports, two 12-volt power sockets, and front and rear
air-conditioning controls. The only real distinction beyond this is the head
unit being slightly better in the 1.5 AV, though both variants get touch-
screen units.

### Perodua Aruz 2021-2022 Fuel Consumption

The manufacturer claimed fuel consumption for the Perodua Aruz is 15.6
kilometres per litre, which is great when you consider that it has both rear-
wheel drive losses and is a fairly heavy vehicle. The Eco Idle system – or
auto start stop – has a role to play in helping to achieve this number.

__ More

###  Exclusive deals for you

######  Get September Offers from authorized dealers near you!

Get Offer

Key Details

  * Body Type:  SUV 
  * Transmission:  Automatic 
  * Engine Capacity:  1500 cc 
  * Fuel Type:  petrol 
  * Seat Capacity:  7 
  * Price:  RM 68,526 - RM 73,226 

Variations

[ 2022 Perodua Aruz Aruz 1.5X __
](https://newcar.carlist.my/perodua/2022/aruz/aruz-1-5x?repayment=9) [

From RM 68,526

](https://newcar.carlist.my/perodua/2022/aruz/aruz-1-5x?repayment=9) __ Add To
Compare [ 2022 Perodua Aruz Aruz 1.5AV __
](https://newcar.carlist.my/perodua/2022/aruz/aruz-1-5av?repayment=9) [

From RM 73,226

](https://newcar.carlist.my/perodua/2022/aruz/aruz-1-5av?repayment=9) __ Add
To Compare

Key Details

  * Body Type:  SUV 
  * Transmission:  Automatic 
  * Engine Capacity:  1500 cc 
  * Fuel Type:  petrol 
  * Seat Capacity:  7 
  * Price:  RM 68,526 - RM 73,226 

Gallery

  * [Photos](javascript:void\(0\);)

All Exterior

____

____

Reviews

  * ![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/uploads/model_reviews/model_reviews_file_image_0_1600160383.4136_alg4yFQqjd.jpg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

Arvind

15 Sep 2020

Review: Perodua Aruz 1.5L AV – Big Bang For Small Bucks

It’s this careful balance of proportions and restrained styling that gives the
Aruz its premium, grown-up looks without looking pretentious. Elsewhere, the
front and rear bumpers, which are different from the Rush, adds elegance and
sportiness in equal amounts. Front fog lamps, roof rails, and silver painted
rear diffuser highlight the top-spec AV variant. Here again, subtle highlights
that make a substantial difference visually. I also especially like the sleek
LED headlamp signature – which looks even better at night.

[View full review](https://www.carlist.my/news/review-perodua-aruz-1-5l-av-
big-bang-for-small-bucks-76556/76556/)

##  User Review of Perodua Aruz

3.9 Very Good

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

Overall Rating

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

Performance

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

Interior Design

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

Safety

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

Exterior Design

[ Submit your experience with  Perodua Aruz ](https://newcar.carlist.my/leave-
review)

Showing 10 reviews  sorted by Latest Year

Sort by:

[ Sort by  Latest Year  ](javascript:void\(0\);)

  * [ Most recent  ](javascript:void\(0\);)
  * [ Most helpful  ](javascript:void\(0\);)
  * [ Latest Year  ](javascript:void\(0\);)

4  Very Good

Nazurah

Owner of 2020 Perodua Aruz

##  Worth buying but I hate the passengers seat belt

I love almost everything about this car except for the seatbelt casing in the
passenger's seat. It is quite uncomfortable to travel long distance with my
family. I hope it can be covered seamlessly like any other cars. Other than
that, I think Aruz is a pretty worth the money. \+ More \- Less

__Helpful? 12 person found this helpful

__

4  Very Good

Hafizuddin

Owner of 2020 Perodua Aruz

##  Great Car and Worth your money

Good safety that have 7 airbags, Advance Safety Assist,Hill Stop Assist and
Good Looking Car \+ More \- Less

__Helpful? 4 person found this helpful

__

4  Very Good

Mohd

Owner of 2020 Perodua Aruz

##  For the salary man with growing family

As such, for those seeking an all-rounded family SUV, the Perodua Aruz is an
excellent choice, encompassing practically everything that a buyer could
possibly ask for, including a tall ride height, sufficient safety features,
and a proven powertrain \+ More \- Less

__Helpful? 13 person found this helpful

__

4  Very Good

Muhamad

Owner of 2019 Perodua Aruz

##  Value for money

Nice exterior with slightly underpower engine \+ More \- Less

__Helpful? 10 person found this helpful

__

5  Excellent

Amir

Owner of 2019 Perodua Aruz

##  Amazing, Safety, Economic

The cars is worth it for your money and Very suitable for a big family. \+
More \- Less

__Helpful? 11 person found this helpful

__

See all reviews

Latest News

[ ![](https://img1.icarcdn.com/51409/thumb-l_harga-baharu-kereta-perodua-
dengan-sst-90415_000000051409_3ce0b98a_c9c3_48e7_9117_9aa9cb587895.jpg)

Harga Baharu Kereta Perodua Dengan SST

July 04, 2022

](https://www.carlist.my/news/harga-baharu-kereta-perodua-dengan-
sst-90415/90415)

[ ![](https://img2.icarcdn.com/63988/thumb-l_perodua-b-segment-suv-
incoming-88936_000000063988_2c1ed6a6_78f2_4bfb_802c_6352a42b008a.jpg)

Perodua B-Segment SUV Incoming?

March 22, 2022

](https://www.carlist.my/news/perodua-b-segment-suv-incoming-88936/88936)

[ ![](https://img1.icarcdn.com/59378/thumb-l_pengimbas-tol-smart-tag-dalam-
model-perodua-dikaji-mahu-kolaborasi-dengan-syarikat-tempatan-
lain-87395_000000059378_1f4cd286_381b_45d3_89d5_f656a9323a7c.jpg)

Pengimbas Tol (Smart Tag) Dalam Model Perodua Dikaji – Mahu Kolaborasi Dengan
Syarikat Tempatan Lain

January 27, 2022

](https://www.carlist.my/news/pengimbas-tol-smart-tag-dalam-model-perodua-
dikaji-mahu-kolaborasi-dengan-syarikat-tempatan-lain-87395/87395)

[ ![](https://img2.icarcdn.com/19278/thumb-l_perodua-tidak-bercadang-naikkan-
harga-kereta-rancang-turunkan-harga-alat-
ganti-87291_000000019278_a67c04e9_d297_4891_8e7c_8241d28fafaf.jpg)

Perodua Tidak Bercadang Naikkan Harga Kereta – Rancang Turunkan Harga Alat
Ganti

January 26, 2022

](https://www.carlist.my/news/perodua-tidak-bercadang-naikkan-harga-kereta-
rancang-turunkan-harga-alat-ganti-87291/87291)

[ ![](https://img2.icarcdn.com/60358/thumb-l_rezeki-seorang-guru-perodua-aruz-
sebagai-hadiah-
persaraan-85306_000000060358_30cfabb2_59e9_45fd_866c_be0992d054ad.jpg)

Rezeki Seorang Guru - Perodua Aruz Sebagai Hadiah Persaraan

December 15, 2021

](https://www.carlist.my/news/rezeki-seorang-guru-perodua-aruz-sebagai-hadiah-
persaraan-85306/85306)

[ ![](https://img4.icarcdn.com/38928/thumb-l_toyota-avanza-generasi-
ketiga-2022-tiada-lagi-pacuan-roda-
belakang-82983_000000038928_05b97321_dab2_432d_bd98_df9968d34de2.jpg)

Toyota Avanza Generasi Ketiga 2022 – Tiada Lagi Pacuan Roda Belakang?

May 28, 2021

](https://www.carlist.my/news/toyota-avanza-generasi-ketiga-2022-tiada-lagi-
pacuan-roda-belakang-82983/82983)

[ ![](https://img2.icarcdn.com/64528/thumb-l_that-s-rm286k-for-a-perodua-
aruz-1-5-x-in-
singapore-82546_000000064528_7b53fce0_92af_4619_8dc3_a61226e940ae.jpg)

That’s RM286k For A Perodua Aruz 1.5 X In Singapore

April 14, 2021

](https://www.carlist.my/news/that-s-rm286k-for-a-perodua-aruz-1-5-x-in-
singapore-82546/82546)

[ ![](https://img4.icarcdn.com/85428/thumb-l_toyota-rush-now-gets-saucy-red-
metallic-colour-prices-unchanged-from-
rm88k-82458_000000085428_8af4bf2e_6726_41ed_b4a7_db8dcf2e1202.jpg)

Toyota Rush Now Gets Saucy Red Metallic Colour, Prices Unchanged From RM88k

April 05, 2021

](https://www.carlist.my/news/toyota-rush-now-gets-saucy-red-metallic-colour-
prices-unchanged-from-rm88k-82458/82458)

[ ![](https://img1.icarcdn.com/50218/thumb-l_perodua-smashes-single-day-sales-
record-in-nov-5-027-units-
in-24hrs-81205_000000050218_c65a9320_94d7_452a_9bb9_6686ae3eaa49.jpg)

Perodua Sold One Car Every 17 Seconds One Day In November

December 04, 2020

](https://www.carlist.my/news/perodua-smashes-single-day-sales-record-in-
nov-5-027-units-in-24hrs-81205/81205)

[ ![](https://img4.icarcdn.com/32897/thumb-l_mitsubishi-xpander-to-be-
launched-in-2020-honda-br-v-perodua-aruz-has-a-
challenger-79823_32897_6qA2JlfYk1sXT8wtxCbSMP.jpg)

Mitsubishi XPANDER To Be Launched In 2020 - Honda BR-V, Perodua Aruz has a
challenger

July 28, 2020

](https://www.carlist.my/news/mitsubishi-xpander-to-be-launched-in-2020-honda-
br-v-perodua-aruz-has-a-challenger-79823/79823)

[ ![](https://img3.icarcdn.com/26497/thumb-l_proton-vs-perodua-price-
reductions-post-sst-exemptions-
compared-79462_26497_E5ebCmdZAdJ6JeAWwSrliC.jpg)

Proton VS Perodua Price Reductions Post-SST Exemptions Compared

July 06, 2020

](https://www.carlist.my/news/proton-vs-perodua-price-reductions-post-sst-
exemptions-compared-79462/79462)

[ ![](https://img4.icarcdn.com/85197/thumb-l_perodua-offering-discounts-
from-3-to-6-percent-79158_85197_KaYSP4pnBPGO1ZsjTg4lO2.jpg)

Perodua offering discounts from 3 to 6 percent

June 10, 2020

](https://www.carlist.my/news/perodua-offering-discounts-
from-3-to-6-percent-79158/79158)

[ ![](https://img4.icarcdn.com/85956/thumb-l_perodua-cuts-aruz-delivery-times-
down-to-just-1-month-65958_cover_2019_perodua_aruz_supply_cover_1.jpg)

Perodua Cuts Aruz Delivery Times Down To Just 1 Month

August 05, 2019

](https://www.carlist.my/news/perodua-cuts-aruz-delivery-times-down-to-
just-1-month-65958/65958)

[ ![](https://img1.icarcdn.com/56756/thumb-l_perodua-has-fulfilled-52-of-aruz-
bookings-avg-100-units-delivered-
daily-65765_cover_2019_perodua_aruz_av_cover.jpg)

Perodua Has Fulfilled 52% Of Aruz Bookings - Avg 100 Units Delivered Daily

June 03, 2019

](https://www.carlist.my/news/perodua-has-fulfilled-52-of-aruz-bookings-
avg-100-units-delivered-daily-65765/65765)

[ ![](https://img5.icarcdn.com/43656/thumb-l_perodua-maintains-strong-sales-
from-january-through-april-2019-65634_cover_2019_perodua_sales_cover.png)

Perodua Maintains Strong Sales From January Through April 2019

May 02, 2019

](https://www.carlist.my/news/perodua-maintains-strong-sales-from-january-
through-april-2019-65634/65634)

[ ![](https://img2.icarcdn.com/14456/thumb-l_perodua-aiming-for-aruz-to-be-
top-selling-suv-in-east-
malaysia-65441_cover_2019_aruz_east_malaysia_cover.jpg)

Perodua Aiming For Aruz To Be Top Selling SUV In East Malaysia

March 18, 2019

](https://www.carlist.my/news/perodua-aiming-for-aruz-to-be-top-selling-suv-
in-east-malaysia-65441/65441)

Similar cars

[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/uploads/model_year_images/search_3004_thumb.jpg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my/proton/2022/x50?repayment=9)

[ 2022 Proton X50 ](https://newcar.carlist.my/proton/2022/x50?repayment=9)

RM 79,200 — RM 103,300

[ Compare >
](https://newcar.carlist.my/proton/2022/x50/comparison?repayment=9) Review >
Video >

Get Offer

[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/uploads/model_year_images/search_2981_thumb.jpg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my/perodua/2022/ativa?repayment=9)

[ 2022 Perodua Ativa
](https://newcar.carlist.my/perodua/2022/ativa?repayment=9)

RM 62,500 — RM 73,100

[ Compare >
](https://newcar.carlist.my/perodua/2022/ativa/comparison?repayment=9) Review
>  Video >

Get Offer

[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/uploads/model_year_images/search_2858_thumb.jpg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my/haval/2022/h1?repayment=9)

[ 2022 Haval H1 ](https://newcar.carlist.my/haval/2022/h1?repayment=9)

RM 65,852

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

[ Compare > ](https://newcar.carlist.my/haval/2022/h1/comparison?repayment=9)
Review >  Video >

Get Offer

[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/uploads/model_year_images/search_2819_thumb.jpg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my/honda/2022/city?repayment=9)

[ 2022 Honda City ](https://newcar.carlist.my/honda/2022/city?repayment=9)

RM 74,191 — RM 105,950

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

[ Compare >
](https://newcar.carlist.my/honda/2022/city/comparison?repayment=9) Review >
Video >

Get Offer

[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/uploads/model_year_images/search_2830_thumb.jpg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my/honda/2022/city-hatchback?repayment=9)

[ 2022 Honda City Hatchback ](https://newcar.carlist.my/honda/2022/city-
hatchback?repayment=9)

RM 75,329 — RM 87,516

[ Compare > ](https://newcar.carlist.my/honda/2022/city-
hatchback/comparison?repayment=9) Review >  Video >

Get Offer

[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/uploads/model_year_images/search_2832_thumb.jpg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my/honda/2022/br-v?repayment=9)

[ 2022 Honda BR-V ](https://newcar.carlist.my/honda/2022/br-v?repayment=9)

RM 86,726 — RM 93,420

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

[ Compare >
](https://newcar.carlist.my/honda/2022/br-v/comparison?repayment=9) Review >
Video >

Get Offer

[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/uploads/model_year_images/search_2997_thumb.jpg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my/proton/2022/exora?repayment=9)

[ 2022 Proton Exora ](https://newcar.carlist.my/proton/2022/exora?repayment=9)

RM 59,800 — RM 69,800

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

[ Compare >
](https://newcar.carlist.my/proton/2022/exora/comparison?repayment=9) Review >
Video >

Get Offer

[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/uploads/model_year_images/search_3017_thumb.jpg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my/toyota/2022/avanza?repayment=9)

[ 2022 Toyota Avanza
](https://newcar.carlist.my/toyota/2022/avanza?repayment=9)

RM 77,963 — RM 86,000

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

[ Compare >
](https://newcar.carlist.my/toyota/2022/avanza/comparison?repayment=9) Review
>  Video >

Get Offer

[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/uploads/model_year_images/search_3028_thumb.jpg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my/toyota/2022/vios?repayment=9)

[ 2022 Toyota Vios ](https://newcar.carlist.my/toyota/2022/vios?repayment=9)

RM 74,623 — RM 95,284

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

[ Compare >
](https://newcar.carlist.my/toyota/2022/vios/comparison?repayment=9) Review >
Video >

Get Offer

[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/uploads/model_year_images/search_3031_thumb.jpg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my/toyota/2022/yaris?repayment=9)

[ 2022 Toyota Yaris ](https://newcar.carlist.my/toyota/2022/yaris?repayment=9)

RM 70,940 — RM 84,808

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

[ Compare >
](https://newcar.carlist.my/toyota/2022/yaris/comparison?repayment=9) Review >
Video >

Get Offer

[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/uploads/model_year_images/search_2972_thumb.jpg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my/nissan/2022/almera?repayment=9)

[ 2022 Nissan Almera
](https://newcar.carlist.my/nissan/2022/almera?repayment=9)

RM 64,639 — RM 85,715

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

[ Compare >
](https://newcar.carlist.my/nissan/2022/almera/comparison?repayment=9) Review
>  Video >

Get Offer

[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/uploads/model_year_images/search_2973_thumb.jpg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my/nissan/2022/navara?repayment=9)

[ 2022 Nissan Navara
](https://newcar.carlist.my/nissan/2022/navara?repayment=9)

RM 77,331 — RM 134,888

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

[ Compare >
](https://newcar.carlist.my/nissan/2022/navara/comparison?repayment=9) Review
>  Video >

Get Offer

[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/uploads/model_year_images/search_2974_thumb.jpg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my/nissan/2022/nv 200?repayment=9)

[ 2022 Nissan NV 200 ](https://newcar.carlist.my/nissan/2022/nv
200?repayment=9)

RM 72,888 — RM 76,888

[ Compare > ](https://newcar.carlist.my/nissan/2022/nv
200/comparison?repayment=9) Review >  Video >

Get Offer

[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/uploads/model_year_images/search_2917_thumb.jpg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my/mitsubishi/2022/triton?repayment=9)

[ 2022 Mitsubishi Triton
](https://newcar.carlist.my/mitsubishi/2022/triton?repayment=9)

RM 79,890 — RM 142,800

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

[ Compare >
](https://newcar.carlist.my/mitsubishi/2022/triton/comparison?repayment=9)
Review >  Video >

Get Offer

[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/uploads/model_year_images/search_3002_thumb.jpg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my/proton/2022/x70?repayment=9)

[ 2022 Proton X70 ](https://newcar.carlist.my/proton/2022/x70?repayment=9)

RM 94,800 — RM 122,800

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

[ Compare >
](https://newcar.carlist.my/proton/2022/x70/comparison?repayment=9) Review >
Video >

Get Offer

[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/uploads/model_year_images/search_3022_thumb.jpg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my/toyota/2022/hilux?repayment=9)

[ 2022 Toyota Hilux Revo
](https://newcar.carlist.my/toyota/2022/hilux?repayment=9)

RM 92,800 — RM 146,880

[ Compare >
](https://newcar.carlist.my/toyota/2022/hilux/comparison?repayment=9) Review >
Video >

Get Offer

[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/uploads/model_year_images/search_3026_thumb.jpg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my/toyota/2022/rush?repayment=9)

[ 2022 Toyota Rush ](https://newcar.carlist.my/toyota/2022/rush?repayment=9)

RM 88,314 — RM 91,885

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

[ Compare >
](https://newcar.carlist.my/toyota/2022/rush/comparison?repayment=9) Review >
Video >

Get Offer

[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/uploads/model_year_images/search_2893_thumb.jpg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my/mazda/2022/2?repayment=9)

[ 2022 Mazda 2 ](https://newcar.carlist.my/mazda/2022/2?repayment=9)

RM 101,270

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

[ Compare > ](https://newcar.carlist.my/mazda/2022/2/comparison?repayment=9)
Review >  Video >

Get Offer

[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/uploads/model_year_images/search_2723_thumb.jpg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my/mazda/2021/bt-50?repayment=9)

[ 2021 Mazda BT-50 ](https://newcar.carlist.my/mazda/2021/bt-50?repayment=9)

RM 106,146 — RM 116,938

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

[ Compare >
](https://newcar.carlist.my/mazda/2021/bt-50/comparison?repayment=9) Review >
Video >

Get Offer

[ ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/uploads/model_year_images/search_2856_thumb.jpg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)
](https://newcar.carlist.my/ford/2022/ranger?repayment=9)

[ 2022 Ford Ranger ](https://newcar.carlist.my/ford/2022/ranger?repayment=9)

RM 98,888 — RM 168,888

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

[ Compare >
](https://newcar.carlist.my/ford/2022/ranger/comparison?repayment=9) Review >
Video >

Get Offer

Latest Videos

[ ![](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/SSUZlujv-mY/maxresdefault.jpg) 02:56  [
__](https://youtu.be/SSUZlujv-mY)

Highlights of the new Perodua Aruz SUV

January 16, 2019

](https://www.carlist.my/news/videos/highlights-of-the-new-perodua-aruz-
suv-68504/68504)

[ ![](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/kiQl7DV3T30/maxresdefault.jpg) 04:44  [
__](https://youtu.be/kiQl7DV3T30)

Perodua Aruz- Ciri-Ciri Menarik

January 16, 2019

](https://www.carlist.my/news/videos/perodua-aruz-ciri-ciri-
menarik-68503/68503)

2022 Perodua Aruz

RM 725/Month RM 68,526

Get Offer

Subscribe for price drop alerts  __

![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/success.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

Thank you!

Your subscription has been successfully confirmed!

2022 Perodua Aruz

RM 725/Month RM 68,526

Get Offer

__

![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/shape.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

Show Comparisons

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/close-
button.png?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/my/v2/logo-
footer.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

© iCarAsia.com

[ __](https://facebook.com/Carlist.my) [
__](https://twitter.com/carlistmalaysia) [
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYP0krXT4WsiY5dUD1-kOmA) [
__](https://plus.google.com/u/0/104621697384709210039/posts)

  * iCarAsia
  * [About Carlist ](https://www.icarasia.com/about-iCar)
  * [Contact us ](https://www.carlist.my/help#contact)
  * [ Sitemap ](https://newcar.carlist.my/sitemap)
  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.carlist.my/privacy)
  * [Terms of use ](https://www.carlist.my/terms-and-conditions-of-use)

  * News and Reviews
  * [Latest car News ](https://www.carlist.my/news/auto-news/)
  * [Car Reviews ](https://www.carlist.my/news/reviews/)
  * [Editorial Team ](https://www.carlist.my/editorial-team)

  * Buy and Sell
  * [ Search New Cars ](https://newcar.carlist.my/search)
  * [Browse Brands ](https://newcar.carlist.my/browse-car-brands)
  * [Sell your car ](https://www.carlist.my/account/listing/create-selection)
  * [Lead MarketPlace ](https://leadmarketplace.icarasia.com)

__Privacy, Price list and more

18.6.1.1

Loading...

Choose Seat

##  User Review of Perodua Aruz

3.9 Very Good

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

Overall Rating

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

Performance

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

Interior Design

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

Safety

![](https://nc-assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-
big-active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ) ![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/common_cotton_candy/star-big-
active.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

Exterior Design

[ Submit your experience with  Perodua Aruz ](https://newcar.carlist.my/leave-
review)

Showing 10 reviews  sorted by Latest Year

Sort by:

[ Sort by  Latest Year  ](javascript:void\(0\);)

  * [ Most recent  ](javascript:void\(0\);)
  * [ Most helpful  ](javascript:void\(0\);)
  * [ Latest Year  ](javascript:void\(0\);)

4  Very Good

Nazurah

Owner of 2020 Perodua Aruz

##  Worth buying but I hate the passengers seat belt

I love almost everything about this car except for the seatbelt casing in the
passenger's seat. It is quite uncomfortable to travel long distance with my
family. I hope it can be covered seamlessly like any other cars. Other than
that, I think Aruz is a pretty worth the money. \+ More \- Less

__Helpful? 12 person found this helpful

__

4  Very Good

Hafizuddin

Owner of 2020 Perodua Aruz

##  Great Car and Worth your money

Good safety that have 7 airbags, Advance Safety Assist,Hill Stop Assist and
Good Looking Car \+ More \- Less

__Helpful? 4 person found this helpful

__

4  Very Good

Mohd

Owner of 2020 Perodua Aruz

##  For the salary man with growing family

As such, for those seeking an all-rounded family SUV, the Perodua Aruz is an
excellent choice, encompassing practically everything that a buyer could
possibly ask for, including a tall ride height, sufficient safety features,
and a proven powertrain \+ More \- Less

__Helpful? 13 person found this helpful

__

4  Very Good

Muhamad

Owner of 2019 Perodua Aruz

##  Value for money

Nice exterior with slightly underpower engine \+ More \- Less

__Helpful? 10 person found this helpful

__

5  Excellent

Amir

Owner of 2019 Perodua Aruz

##  Amazing, Safety, Economic

The cars is worth it for your money and Very suitable for a big family. \+
More \- Less

__Helpful? 11 person found this helpful

__

Load more reviews

##  Tell us why do you want to report this review?

####  This won’t be shared with the host

This review contains aggressive or discriminatory language

This review contains false information

This review is a spam

Submit

![](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/finance_common/yes.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

##  Thank you for the feedback!

We will appropriate action towards the review.

##  Enter OTP

We’ve sent a 4-digit confirmation code to your phone. It will expire shortly,
so enter it soon.

Haven’t received the SMS yet? [Resend Now](javascript:void\(0\))

![success](https://nc-
assets.icarcdn.com/assets/home/images/finance_common/yes.svg?v=bE2wMvGuhM7vGwgZ)

##  Your phone number verified successfully!

####  Get notify on latest promotions:

Email Address

Enter your email address

Email Address

Get Notify Now

